benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 109680512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -40481296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 49461808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -105516560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -29144128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23317984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -9113728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 125083936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -7101072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -160057488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 99268816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17108944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -51978960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 40138768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -73135616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 96682208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -128660208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 63179360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27647968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -84763600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 51953264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -19522576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 115672496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -25926032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -110830720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 36911392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17115296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -85667296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 52712960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -74116000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 157962176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -55248976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -87750480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 156457040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -54160032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2344368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -89954352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34914960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -57321376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 86219120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 156800224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -106432304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 68503048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -42797024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 50731968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -146546368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 43329744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -5016288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 59110768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -58520176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -429904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 52891248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -21820160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 47549760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 67322192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -94069952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 93718528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -58455056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 231728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -64678640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 108566080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -10087440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17159232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -7048096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -73160016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12947568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 126150912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 136629144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -143398352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 151294576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 91862704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2539440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 48469008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -19687744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -89842912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -23892864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -40570960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 66451664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -27035072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25404016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 82472944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 40151616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -140075584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 110343088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33765536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7755696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3361504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -44782080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -121391776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30765328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 40387648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 80224528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -96156496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24378400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 42198032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5521888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -29140656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -701520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -40637872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 83108368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 97089856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -45779584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -44721264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -11302064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 125143728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -143437968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 120910688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2397424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8662256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -116110400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -8746304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27652464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 83225312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 49575632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -32220480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -10315072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -35371808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -109736064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 84168064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -16470112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -8803024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 147225776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 71651136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 98821936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -58367520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -897104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22366720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2387104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -33243120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -93115312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 89796064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33920384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -67904368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -62661200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2492320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33710848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -27904720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 62193760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2949520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 58011888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 110727888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -94028496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7733216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 132397568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -867280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -6922992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -132932672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 37972912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -31028912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 84075472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4814816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 75960288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 90378336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 80912520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 75768432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -75264336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -36416112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 93681904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -89874080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 72586848 bytes
