benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 92789824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 60312832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -33378048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 59050128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32764256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 66273264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 103127728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24371264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -126509360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 68319808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 154806048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -16345424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -156028720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 110353680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 52733216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -125512000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -11316736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -11260752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33890912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 153335776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 152589264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 156409352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -125507776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 44379696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -10179744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -15574096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -45778608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 112433776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -68953008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -25793360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 76148352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 41318512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -133908480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10739664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 144966976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -107749536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -6049584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 89535872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14973008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 136401712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 87672496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -87685024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 134468272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -106695568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38057344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 84185488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2404224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -44745376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32725744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -84673472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 70856496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -81338160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 83058400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -79319360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 78852912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -22709984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34769472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23403776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 170022600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -20685824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 65630720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 42285616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -25871120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -78443392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 87406416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34926000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -88889008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -50007088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 90437248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -106731968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 103374608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19247520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -76323200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -31187616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 86350720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -43748304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32750864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -47896304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 68461328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -102552880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 56243936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 102163696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -34415392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -81527248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16139200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3964176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31767008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30696448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -88929056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -25878192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 137973328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -49929952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -14419408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 57908880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 116653152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -86823600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -22655088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 72657056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16029264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -98306448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1422144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -11205584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9810192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -756240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 111475840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 15990784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18131200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -149753920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 57950240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 64339264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 97101408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -11169072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -96115312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 90433248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -77172144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 46295520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 355568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24332000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30705184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -142247248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 155779120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 103169056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -97078640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 60016640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 84134592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 124100120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -64718400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -44848944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 261328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2789760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31075408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5627008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 74689904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -121283632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 152286432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -85702256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24473680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -95182128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 116662752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -46758336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 150456208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -43510560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -40609552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -67854432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 75732720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 46351648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -145375344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 129315488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -135042912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 102071824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19557584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -33135632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 86297664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34962864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -132957200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 64293696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 78865312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33939872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 107173912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -20629632 bytes
