benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17353968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -19508560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 74830448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 104107088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -187528032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 129382944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -151825488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 182702688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -169594672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 61205984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 127551152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9739728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 297296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -103457536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -31147184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 87252032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -63705184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 101057584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 56810592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -8007376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 157809952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -169410512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 66398528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 39101168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13929776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 77792112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -204168528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 173277552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -114937472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 76761408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 63555344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 52820720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -117200320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 120859648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -45843136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -26892912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 79959680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -116061536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25466560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 86271904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 81379856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -25753968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 69512928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 73688144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -95069696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 65301520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -53322336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -118149280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 166006816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -102502912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 176811632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -99312064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -4818352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 125067376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -79435072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -31164912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 60089264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21244048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -9188944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25370512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 65644608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6708928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -37428336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 51573408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -10169936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -32183632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 158639968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -53247968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -28022704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 44386224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 82357760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -96020144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1456688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -8164320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 149236128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -157031888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 205750736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8674400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -182208864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 177644272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 178926112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5643904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -179052352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 210103936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -40651936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -182178560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -26984224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 83193904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25433808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 48478688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 40486272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 131417536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7621648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -149581088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 160727136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -136014304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 65278688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -21740512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -111940608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 55977488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2640016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 211209280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 142771168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -34323584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -8106592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20187216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -86661552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 142926832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -12379792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -190513792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 59384272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -64586192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -12226272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2992672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 190220672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -69016784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -124485936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 183804464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -97224880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 143908928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 77203760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -74125040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 215291984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -137010896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -78389136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 143882256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -153803616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 190107536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -223040768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 155483904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 147384224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26676832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28672528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -51126992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -102461008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 105114544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -11160288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -96240240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 82052272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 386016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 193656944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -126564704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -23719472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11870448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -37502592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28640880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 99770384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -4943360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10871904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -62704976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 66739968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 96955280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -123498784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 81040192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -85754736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5674160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 125002688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -136074400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 124061344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -131779232 bytes
