benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2726928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5617632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 155453904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2498544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -147608352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 64185264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 36994752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -129725792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 199475056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -227215488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25761968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17216528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 191098464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -198860640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -60493216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 122998080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 51590224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -13362064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -72037296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24438176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 89734736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 132616976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -49007792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -145477776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25353760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 94749248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -182134880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 224631296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -35273824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -43830480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 147334720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -99156896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 104078944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -57311216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -37515600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -33234768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 67489888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 86259520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -42822096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -42593920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 107517504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26679184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -111840448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14934432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14904496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 141956256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -9105424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -19746096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -120210592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 122919712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -238784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 175461888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30706144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -139135120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -14486096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -11197024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 86303680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 58953840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -55209664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -159187856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 214426896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -188286272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 188044880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -18576272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -37539408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25535632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -36452192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 63261040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -131886512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -62540784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 96912656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -64747056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 179558272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -234528848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 43253472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 159669312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -166457328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 129207376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -45722080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 178948960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -97202352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 91700480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13945360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -44812304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -78339776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 123028464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -179102576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 164014448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -152894336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 66740960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -43627920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 94679968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -77284048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 167038032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -173775104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -15448464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -17585296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 76872464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -36312304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 131626544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -46664304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3900720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7610512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -54348000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 90463376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -59433280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20250784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 42217696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -33318528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 173649568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -15350688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -40480976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20220096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35859136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -177900416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 162739392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -48886080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -36560112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2864256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 147539328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 43409904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -129648752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -40691904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 52797984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 65298944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 66373424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -225235760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 61097920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 97795424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -8787728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 94703328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -21729056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 55964736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -145567456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5587840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1340960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 120836128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 51762656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -63725856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 189383360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -16347008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9691504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -175837168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 143935840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -167434432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 45345632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 180636592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -232454048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 98731504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 85645760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 45432224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -26971216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 121939248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -250292400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8703408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 135464944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6670224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -141353776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18180288 bytes
