benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 90780176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 60125472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -143226144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3423040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -12287344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16014912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8633488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -34339728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -20636416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 100927152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27896272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -39383088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2984496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30821568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 124038944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -72195344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -95069280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 75801408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28529632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -117148752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 111761872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 39261744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 101054368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -101505280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 168020832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -153757648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17078944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 98735120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9765360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -123471424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37296304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 118860160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -119210480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 84176480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -102392592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 99894384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -145559456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26606592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 129238816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4513104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -7770464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 79081888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -45806096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27472240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -10157840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -16534000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 92507664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -34223456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -23906896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30824560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 89803664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -78284192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 132407376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 141796536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -58499568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3519088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -58496608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22439568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 71461120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -146468192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 84591936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -56324096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9867120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 114531632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26349512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 104217760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -54350864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 86394128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 64123232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 43218288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 125421552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -36347664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -77341856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 97875296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -44803072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 63158576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -42610400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27520848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -132958464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 112552784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 66661840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21414272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16041456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -41772720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -52082256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -23823680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 129202176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -151667008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 132386720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -48944640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 101316912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -109707168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 15982288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -7015312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 104026992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -39470224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10697872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -90926192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 106296400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -46980256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 103368176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -4802352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -65804896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38039152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -25869488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 61090608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -50094960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19163088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34891712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -119152032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 128632208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -61440928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -57395888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -8072528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 130319360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -113042096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 59056208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -105688400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 103074528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14012624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 110695264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -38289104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 41075936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -71941760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 72552032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 51654464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -55293056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -38478864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -72097680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 103094624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 80310704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23429664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -69836848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -31234256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -17461792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 64134000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -60481760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -15441552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 139733120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -90901840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 149533184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -90887248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -60545824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 142961568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -36380480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 43148960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -11240288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -76268944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -97213168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 176586720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 129501232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -72928928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 55939440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -34324176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -60579520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -807600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 53775984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -18482144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -35498560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 122031776 bytes
