benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 86643888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21284448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -45835504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10840544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -18542160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 47390320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -78298544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 85194224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -7116624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -4882720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27925568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -27864848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 90535808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -93042160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -15533472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 67441008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 83210080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -102540848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 55904400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23327968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 40433008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -11082432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -45868304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 52813728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 96713520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -143372112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 93585120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -106625520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 64246752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5484352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1486224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 120919824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -34204000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -94158512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21335904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -19662336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 181707840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -146467408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -68946384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -4946288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 104366960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 66606048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -98323184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 112563216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -164420624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16089264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 87353200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3884096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -65828640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 82094192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 61452336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 85384912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -47934768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -99446096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34980160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 70498672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -119319968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 126135008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12988592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -86867824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10070064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 75820656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -89741392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 135434448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -121301760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -21672912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 195246752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -20581552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18055216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 165750536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 147362656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -162119840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2747456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38974672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 151290160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17042576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -213515168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 64295360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 95640464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -22749152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24749152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 74915008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29632784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19040272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -136989168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -23871200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 223599168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -167340992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 41072896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 81008880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 174630976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -15207984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -16557344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 45474864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -156028704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 95684672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -87813328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 40267088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 63222064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -148610048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 44733296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6628592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18195920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -17523920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 71590976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -75318944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 52749168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -34349008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32919360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32725872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 77106800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -64534608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -21764352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29703632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 41146976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -45852208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -17611344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21364224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7643232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25319936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 103389856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32919168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -77234304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 39015248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17008320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -46873232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -41632288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -18656336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 97906400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 99242240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 53825264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 165875680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 82008280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -68996944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2404304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 107243872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -26953360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -75213312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -36349312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 146319456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -139005984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 139834128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -51239968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13012640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -19689232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -71038336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -21648208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26457184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -16516496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3650864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 133681264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -135964256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 100980272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -87894336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 81094976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26590704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -66909744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -43772816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -48977968 bytes
