benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 197131984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19314176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 52742144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 63168176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -343608320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 256120192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 63226176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -85742896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 374112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -194743616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 58998128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 195341712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -213576912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21354432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 117701664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -131771568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 191077168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33947408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -54296432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6613520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18873616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 388032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -35350864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 331763792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 44347568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -293330752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 86212768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 82042976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -94056848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8715888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -10545088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 231147296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17093200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 297824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -18599168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -98285184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 86407616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -154946848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 287665520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -152936032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 364966528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 166148512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33858080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27567520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -73051856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 153306496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -318348960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 182682160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 96714848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -207240672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 236969360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 126295504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -201105984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 59113776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -64687824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -58470608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10818736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 111417456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -261835008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 96716160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 362882112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -171533296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -184326048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 302339792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -305819648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 147092912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -177987776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 312655088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -121282848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 121868624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 184685216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -22714688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2504192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -108729760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -75277360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 321226800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27448560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -112885840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -213572000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -43801968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 279103792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -238601808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 124174112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 100892768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 65344672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -272300416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -27094992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 61168032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -131843760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6573440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 301960848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21438848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -251385136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 61173040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 61036880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -24760128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 117624448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -10072576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23309296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -295376912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 144791568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 165980000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -249224160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 300196256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -165343712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23288464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3860752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -240920432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 86367744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 260209744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 224641856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 82142176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -270245120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -10150064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23356912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 159737104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4422960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -33196736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -98273056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -73049728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 232745344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 130509600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -375108496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21408992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 132291280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 140786000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -301645504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 117691648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -133816960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 270744816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 220304400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -114947264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 258207824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -169548592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1776768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3969968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -190453792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -16571904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15009008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33891872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 333508144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -236634656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 136656368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -89792480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 195211952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -328853728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 146953120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 126168464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1768192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -280805904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -8389408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 266760304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -140140080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -18534368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 138607744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -35396096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -163200992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 84120224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 84238656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -186367088 bytes
