benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28352528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26539008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33890848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37053216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35948592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3483680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 299600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1789320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24436928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19168928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2416744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1742408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3870560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8710336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3442584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3472320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 326144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -702256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13956480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17103840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17079296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10808872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11879720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9782776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20227224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8418064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33858800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3441936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37000744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11871808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13956096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5570688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7666176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5569024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11828480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32805600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17097688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21312736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35962728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9743576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2852608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1374880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15033144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11885688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1376352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38051872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5560096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26518680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33906304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8726080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 36998336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9736384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3471296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38042880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31476952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19187912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2840184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37003088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8707760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2397912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3889216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27567520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5579040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1769760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32801040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6607968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17080088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1790320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7644312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37027296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34942976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 323264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33853080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6588016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35947984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19192904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13951080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18151936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10805440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24443104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28607072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26543232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35946832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3856736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11539664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -717344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11822800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6591360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1796304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7642024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16030808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7640792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34895392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25504544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2390672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18159392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7641848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17095752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2405240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25457488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3447456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4519200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37002240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16062752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23385120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6611136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19181640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 326624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21245352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38086592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3885392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2820736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38063936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28649120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19933576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24410288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24456064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12877472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5574112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22347136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4477184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25491104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34908464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -755056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2822016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8711072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25446856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4532064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5568736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34905088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18163552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20230464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6575856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10838008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7664928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7665184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1771008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10811136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8739400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9763040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10810720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 324992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5568064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10810912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19960352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 299120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7665664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6611552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7661280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1744072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7691216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5564512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31760504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3452416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5573728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12908768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6616928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 39126752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32800416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8712640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9789640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9762080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5567776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37003296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6586016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5595336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10810368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35955864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38086496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10820832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4519296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7666176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 349544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17850256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6590736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5568768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8697928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31758216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 331936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38050904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7640096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6616352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6616832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4545656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9762464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8713216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37004440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37002504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11853664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4520448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30714920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20255360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 36995488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2844880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18119856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6585776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13936208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5568256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -697224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1373472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34872656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7420552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27548736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12887680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8709760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17081496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18161152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13935152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5545136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23360976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12883152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26531352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34906056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5556256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2848080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5546016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33855544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 336320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18128664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24438976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33851792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3868000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29664408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32795120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19213184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8722016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31790560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3450040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29674440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4485568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22059936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21280224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3451680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2839392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1762048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29657952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10798776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29685408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8715064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38045744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9756600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12886048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1345432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38053016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31763672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -740568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8714912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11887040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13960544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5569344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4521344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34905704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7677600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13950208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11888080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11859712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8715712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22324992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10815264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34649664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37005568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22329536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10783120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11871040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30732736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1324568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28629696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38047536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34941824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24412608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2392352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2429600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33846832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31804848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3484256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32826680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27594848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31777928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3854368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -692768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1365616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18149824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18116096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38054496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2850368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17100152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37046432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9775328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32818168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38838424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7618680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28582648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9780384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19165712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20242536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24412736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34930816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1800832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -727752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38046648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -710816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22358816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13952224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13948768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2820160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19206400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11872096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17113440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4542784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4512752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30709088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16062752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16023040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35977056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19193696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25499936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5563616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4488464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21010104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27585536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6586816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13927248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14975648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2396416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3875392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2423328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23395648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3447544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35941664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18120192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33849952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1343584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31752560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10782560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 339776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37026784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5537520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6609904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25465168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35961520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2809696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9757920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26513344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5563744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20213104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8737776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8662000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37019456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38837960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35947072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9729664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10770560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13923632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3891256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1791904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -723584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34898272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38069384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9732864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28598192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33874024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 341216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17067840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13965024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1783456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2401432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3449656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37026304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13926128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9752112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1789880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9739792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34896352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32799584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24457216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34909472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 36993808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6352384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23369608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8715232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38041920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26538720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12902504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27599712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8711304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20244560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 306920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34922336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28647104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34898016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13926048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19180144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20257344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33877920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34959728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 39116904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22339688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26535136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34934176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7645808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11828576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14953896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 15005056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6586640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18118336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 39118560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16782688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24441216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2837928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9760120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1379840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -701528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33878848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34900688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19195104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5578240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1795728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16031168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12876976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29685120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33860384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28618824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21242032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23385624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13958976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32810784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34921544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19195104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13950024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38081312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27582656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10805352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35961320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9729424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12876032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35947632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14692256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3903616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 310816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23399328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27562416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26512560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30713624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21274800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32811480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32816472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6618688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11869408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6619456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7645840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19166608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1350336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10819488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25447264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13996776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35950928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17095752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26484264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19197472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -712256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32832896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15010304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17118336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11851048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28590912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1795248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33677224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31796768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9764608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1373296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6595944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22324024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19205312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24446144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7696416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34930144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1365704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38043584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12876272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1803712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9764320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33817384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32831840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18128960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34931016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23374208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30724864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9793184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29697312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9730432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31797056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -719872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30700144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13960480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32799456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33848032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26202568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12893816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 328896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33845696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28630000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36970312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31752000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17103552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34892112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3875768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28592352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1371968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21273728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35971176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21266960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5534400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12874032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20217552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18132384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18152744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5598880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19192816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16033208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10818528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36994688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13925456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32801104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31751680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27556224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 323816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9447512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7642976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14980304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9736624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4494888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5537088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3907120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26505408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12905936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28611712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3491008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2843648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7640816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18138168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37005760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24409712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1344896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2400024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3901280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7642024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20254496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37016232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38043296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24456352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18118112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5533024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1356464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17080088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37050560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 39103992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33614456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3477888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13922512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19166352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -754112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14980912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29660992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28663800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25459792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12908512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3858176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29716744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8716448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22342400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6625952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7685152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1789704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -710624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17114720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20271760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35970648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35957472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22358912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2820832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11826400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14983200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1767872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18133768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20220304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19938832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12878896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6583456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20222384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22358624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35955504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18163840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22370784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37006048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22332120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7696648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20226080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29678240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26517480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 316016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26504480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12905696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16028960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16023024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37011600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6624512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6597520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22330976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35931744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22339688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31760624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10832320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24435696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2434912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24184784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13993152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38018888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1352496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16043392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19197952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8678768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2839920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33888032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12901448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3437888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21273024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14999392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16018400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29660832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38055768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21291112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1386432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16045728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3868416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23386624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16022944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9738432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10810272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3470368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21298848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12922016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21295392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20262912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12910304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25190352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35972576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20233584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30703664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4511200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20210384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23386152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20225584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27580280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2406120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21263440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3848320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20219448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -710720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2821760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26536960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11834064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9738784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17050472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10778000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21246000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21309376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22357856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22343712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23401056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22330120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2433760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22343360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -701904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18151104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33569352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19206952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13968096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18128400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12912512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33890944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37036288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1368256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31783712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17063584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10799192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28648160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11839528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11826736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21272288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38062432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18168408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31765896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7634592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25438000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11836336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1357016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13947296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30701824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16023384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34872800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23364032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30752864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3468160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2846784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 40911312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17054064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7658216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7631952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5541824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3873744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20227648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18146528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27592000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31751248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34916096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4489664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29678664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3856096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2852128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8687400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20227664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4525760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1788736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10788632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28603856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23399040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19166672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18161824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18117856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8680832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3448952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31749664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35646608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18181088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9733504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5542112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19169816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25503296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24460576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20251328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 335264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18123792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6586016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10785432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10788632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -719904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20224144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7678848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12886048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23362816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5563744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2404424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5549096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32799200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3854336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7637392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22324112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21303648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22351648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15018208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20229632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 39900584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -693952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21271120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1777472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25468960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23414472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23392928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13970592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 36993584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24409472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17115072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16027440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17119776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2436256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14987072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2805760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26521408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13956864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21289856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15018784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18133944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22310240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17094024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21309376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3483584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23375272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4534368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5271888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17070656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18140600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13916928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16028456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23357392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13935704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20220824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6639968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -752192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7663360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20227752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33857328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22371104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21303256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25467840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18175232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24421200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21269680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20252744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18117712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10773360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18125256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21241840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11864136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16051584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20241600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6609608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31744080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29647488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35666416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16081536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19178912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18154360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18126488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18114512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21258880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13971904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9735592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19164640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4489824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18134736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12911656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 294240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7635272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19178208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18156472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21278640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20244616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19161568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18117792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1356288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22349600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4510960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20220472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35956680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9769008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1801032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24411608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9757768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 32521936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5557304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23372688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22350952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9769008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21289856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2414336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21297632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11835208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2847056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6590920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21270840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21302200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20240832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7671856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13921760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6587136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20233032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -718776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22320472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28627416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21305120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18156472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20192464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12910512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22317624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 15011360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13931160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12877272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4497848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33553632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9747912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4501664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21271928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18145888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19176096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23360512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13956504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20203344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19197976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6611248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17078856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -760832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20222440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 322728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21272480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13955360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24415688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19197096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19194544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20219024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24414832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6585296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19180584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20252448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1401216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23397024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4518176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18882912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23367056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20258400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20262624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20216368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24430384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23392720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24425424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5542000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23371544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 15031456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18127432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6587776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21275800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13982880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26505024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20255840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17074800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21273840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12905376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20231536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23417568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22306560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9769120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14977976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8692888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12884992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7633984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16055296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8691744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32539904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20236488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21261840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19184920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14972704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21289856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5553816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19205888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4475664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28613104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8722176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14981440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6601104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22322880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4510432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38034560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22324488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19227008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20214784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19172512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10835904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38046880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18148520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8679632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25449024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1748480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5551472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24414016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17077536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31472624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3466904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24424344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16017600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22327632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21288264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24436632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17067216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23383696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25462624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5572680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24439328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2389232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14977240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16030160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23375416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1339696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23390752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10817584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22316216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20252744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13951312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23365056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22325632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21288264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11881280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24440096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22342208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21302376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8707640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33566896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22373856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25525408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16058352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33843232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21275208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19196920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23396888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20212784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24407328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8683888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11853632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2421440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22312784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35956680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20233032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5533920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20219328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25483976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21257840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18155592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9720064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18150368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21259120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19225376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18118752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19188912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7669832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31740400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14971184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31467072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20232176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22339304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38044096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16076832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23367080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20254064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22326688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23384536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 290640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17099296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8702976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22319912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23398472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21276968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22337192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6622048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19181024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16021520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24414424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 360640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24412488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12871872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17101408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16020480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22346784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15039744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23378760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22325456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25482568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31485904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34908608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21315968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5586848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20224672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4539616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24444448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21264384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22368808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16077144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22303664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23391400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21257120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11841368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22349024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20254144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19212096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19213344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10784240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9739056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6593536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20225024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30714680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22344992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 343200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19177120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2398736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18135088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27267984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22333728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18169952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10793440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20252736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19214592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10787520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21303808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34897104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19197272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6592096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23377968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21322912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22358592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16058304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29663488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17102496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14982144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23389888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20246816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20262784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23402560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20258464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23377704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7664344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19197312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19217664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6592416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 63552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 312160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20223664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9782496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9728448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16027168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7640920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19186744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11822016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13960128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22326312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1757504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14987072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3449800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16029752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22316600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8733920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 36986880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26512560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23396704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11820416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20252736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18167648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20225024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23411296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2843344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13936440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18129776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12888752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29366952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29680832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6611544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38063456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 303688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10771040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17067216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24419264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10829440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3439408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16052832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26512456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30698224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8734616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22345152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33856624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -720352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31753224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32803824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23399704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21263280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29661000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20237728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32799776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22364928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32858112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31805784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34895168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24418208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1380000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 42012544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22359200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23372712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11878016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30691712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18120512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32791856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23413792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29651728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29708424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34949016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3850336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30730880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29651248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31771912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34930464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32830816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35964632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2398024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30718968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28603712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32825152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24430824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32814800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12922880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32817616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25496160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34937120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27562616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26521936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30756896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30710896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1390848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10806688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19183312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12913152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -720256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14990152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33844512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16073088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1786272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 324096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16016640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21283544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34895168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30739040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38044856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18149984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20248368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11881984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6592064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31778592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29673440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30718768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1344336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32815944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24459872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32827264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23419392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31792712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28661696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31753440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27604288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27605696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9750584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31752432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9769184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31759592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26536416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28596992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16039664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26504112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21318944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28626624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27598080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19172544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33848352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30710896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32837856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36986640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9740432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29648720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27559136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24417360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29663088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16023680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17073512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16013120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 41982928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32795376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34905112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30753152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32838048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 37019968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32794976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31818112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28602272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29680128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24429592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30706144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29704576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16041072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30697376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17093080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30694464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23373632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32793776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33863024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33859176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3889560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28627920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27581920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34942880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19217568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29665752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18136056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8737664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14708912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25498016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19222656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27555056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17085744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22327536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21294208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26530528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13965728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26517064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20276768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21315104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32849056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26558888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31770296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30742944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29698752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23360512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30695664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30703744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21317216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26558560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27562824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30705296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22353440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19202432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25467752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9781920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38808360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19219520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24415296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17077664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28615296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28616544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29676720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28613440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24447136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16071264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17094048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4498192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30716288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -724464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32813152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21284656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31771912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22343240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33884608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18171456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27553744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25492544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32846280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30740032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33832512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16074016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5550176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31763520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31766104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30745120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33565200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32862656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8691136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12888000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17086912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31765968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28634696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7672992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20245088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31808224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20226832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23420864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 39102480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31753488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20218032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24433088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4500752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33864128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18118480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23377440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33857360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34958080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26529952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30745408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20223696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24465600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21326592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33882504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26530240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38053584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38808208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9716944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32820560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19219440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30765888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15018880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30722848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25482752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30761568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31782048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27600544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30747616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33884416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8731056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24425792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32860064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8730968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25479296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13992320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30711472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18157024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33860960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5601472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30721312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25477072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33857680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35969536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27601464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34915968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27619200 bytes
