benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3152608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12877480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31754848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20228664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21286448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18130880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15028640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2446528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8678432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35949072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -733560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17103648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34901968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30710208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5589720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35943168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3872072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11819216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38049760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25500352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2393472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14976624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28658600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34896608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 36996480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3901456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17067440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1347360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28619912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9779744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33626056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12937632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18114896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38097216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4513016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14976568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11855336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16034856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1373568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38051264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4530048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12875296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2849600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32832192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20250176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24443872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31780392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34910752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10806232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17112416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16063488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18118512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18116096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4525472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17092232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20222304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25497280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1101432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30748000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28650656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2847464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18130336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31794848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10789688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34877056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13951080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23354272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28632288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24459712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15017632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6597848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16013280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18124816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15002176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 306768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9736848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2391216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29700096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7632976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33854656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31751008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16026240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6632960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10788144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11602400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3470864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25465488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10785960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38089376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26536992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2792464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32832288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38077408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1794016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25472248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5535264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3471104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7690720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26541536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28599776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30716544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35948752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11844656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34910280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34923480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9732704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9789224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3889200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24410672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30734560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4520640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9752384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -743472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16786440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3890000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30742240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10780160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30679288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23382816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29658928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13960832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22312576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31775816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30713104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24421000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32825536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35964960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29678576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11867392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2852448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3417760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10786864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1801000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6594160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23342504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29661728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24430240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1770376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28604736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30712136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28638592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 294288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3152736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11866368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9736624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18135112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31756720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16033304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5567968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20197136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14991056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11841696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13928848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34901952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -708608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12888456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29662472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3472480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34896352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7651472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24418816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8728672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1743552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22323232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17105408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8714560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31725200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1766912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30710192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12876320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37018608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30445144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10831248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6592040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12874096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8723136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7665888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3470816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5590592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3470720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3499328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38053016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 352704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33857656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4489584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2430432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9759968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4520832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12908768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6617440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25467904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7627696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10789952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12884904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3856672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3439168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14974448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32807584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21291112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20239280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1799984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22060728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4538296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1341760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2389056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35952432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35971176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1387872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3452856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17101344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8692888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6618080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35961880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3856736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1373472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34905880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 39100800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10823232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 350304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9743840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6594592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34895312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2832792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29656016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13951168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5570272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7642904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3842528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21264720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31786368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4219208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6590736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2393520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7630976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 322112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28610160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2436736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1397296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18179536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3930624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26518328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24441648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29679456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32848992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22323496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18153312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -730392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4520704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28616008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23370224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8709344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7668416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3899744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28614688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33867616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6586656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11883104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4501520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -722720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 40919088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25505664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3894800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24417392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7664672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1338656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9732912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21272144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2835872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20260544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19211552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21294976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9757920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30692544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2862048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1375424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16027984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30749632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8724544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31787456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38078784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19192816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28605232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32806320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37027296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38069472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26533728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35995904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29650528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14981408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 41006304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26545224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33868072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2861744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27555360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13911728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 307760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2813120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26552256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34908464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3855488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8684128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35954456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20218304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20260032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20208464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18123440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17096544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29657568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11856832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1394064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20247840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10780240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5541648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18151552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21292256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14977552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29383096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13943968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16029488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4517952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16054784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17079384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18121632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4506800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9737104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17071536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19168288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20237952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17074784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16051752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17130712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19180496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12888720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18150688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9742960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7624832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16053248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11859520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11858080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32554600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10824960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21293920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 296560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20247936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22318944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17121984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4542808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21306176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18145232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16047176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21316488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38086304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23393664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9733584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21297664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17061200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20249312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16031104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17102592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17083432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17085480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19183608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14974384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6618528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18151840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4497352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32527312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10805616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23391936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13939008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17130816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20234464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24412608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24400768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18158240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22340832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32844864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13927808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22376816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18123152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18130424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19219168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24409248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13914128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22373360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14976384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20277248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20220304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23353152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21279040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21264720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22303056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18123152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34626976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18162880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21287768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12877472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15005056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9762080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37005848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1396096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 327232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33857568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31773352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18094728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2822848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18134968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19179000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21268480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13926048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2817536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14984816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31763704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38053368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26514304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9735088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3481024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1745280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6617312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1373728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12909888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22324376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14708000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3890944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1376576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34901832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7659624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11831104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25493344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17072816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17084736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29659568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9755632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21297728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18121392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11836064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35951808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12887984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24443104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22323232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21253920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26526048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19174952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27575912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15001888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1339008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4495152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27587584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23364880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26510000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23368464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26513600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30424288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20256584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24421000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13981216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22344032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10778384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20246688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11819136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22344704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16030064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17083024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19199768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20274304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26506544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26514000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27564864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14974528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26539008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20215968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26513440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18117136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29661856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28602976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25492192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31485984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23375632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25465528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23365280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20261952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18171808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28610552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12909368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25491968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16023200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12879840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24442240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27560336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26522664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28605936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25438720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28619472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25474088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24425168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15017920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27587968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1342000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25492832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27558336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30425416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24449280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21269264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26543200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24408672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24418624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18117136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24427216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19176360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25470488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17073536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27588376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16066112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27586720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25488936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27555200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24408512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16030632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25485504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21270480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18124752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19169008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22351680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32535856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23404512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14977424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25516304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9726544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26557496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24419008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1348320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 291184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5568064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21297184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2849200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 343928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2430560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1392816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30709904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5542944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9787664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5548592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -697264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8741688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10828960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10831144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16071320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9756192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38046296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6588016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11887312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18177832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18150496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32532240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16041040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26523720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23366976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20262048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18109312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11835096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22345568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22294216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13927008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19224848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12887576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21315448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18122400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22338632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22350400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21314080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22346960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23365920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19213472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22324760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14982528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23394048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11873440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19228488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21277592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22317424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5266360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19173488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14973584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10808640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25510376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25464768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24428976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23367632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20278848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14986352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25510272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14980128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16052864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22341824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23396384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3890376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 305512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11860256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21322832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2425664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22373384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18119312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18128400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14980648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12928608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23367376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12921056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20273320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28355712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25497856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37044712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25503584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25461104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27559664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26521968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27564416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20246056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27575472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18148904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23387120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25474192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22304080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26515344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24408592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18119312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23375856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14975584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25489568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19172512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21276184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29374456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22324200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18120272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23373392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19170128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24421792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26521088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21269424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23369696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24427568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13936824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -742800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -725888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16033304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19200512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25472512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24431488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13926768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20246688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16027328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25490432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12882096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24442240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31494016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 15002560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25511104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16027248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17072656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24413008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6585936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20247840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18100848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23378640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12879312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23392416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12877792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26539392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16027600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14980048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21296416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20207744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24425616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22324112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18124752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26516040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13931368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24443008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28369616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23335376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8683088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22348256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17071536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21272752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23372000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20217904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14971424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23393120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23393424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24442440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22346688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19157008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21272016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12878320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27588000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18136608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26546848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20222560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24409488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23372984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21273120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24406448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24422208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23363952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20249984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21262960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14984144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24444672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29382992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23398432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13931648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24442560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17080648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27573000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21281720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27569216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23360960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27591160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13940544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18151296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26520032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26515016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26508448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13924208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28663672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14989120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27590400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20232000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22314416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28595232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24426304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18164160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22341976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27543296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26524424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25460912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19176848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29655408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 39870304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24410128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13957792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3471904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17101344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26543200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16021088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18173776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27565088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25474880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28613152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19184920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25460144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25460304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18129200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24418712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17070736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21280576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17071536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23357200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21276400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18121440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26532936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20221944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21264000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24406448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24410928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27565264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35673440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22334728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21320672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22323936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11828896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20250816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12878512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17103648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24427800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22349184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24406048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25468200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23375952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20227104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21278384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13937312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16054784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16056448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18150688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20222912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23374256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25466672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25473104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24419624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25494624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20223184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33584608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10841544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14989384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17099712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16039192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23391168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14974784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24441280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21271576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25469576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19181648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23365632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21309376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20225008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18181368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9756776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15006208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23393568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19181648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20230392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17071776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25477344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26509920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23361936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23360816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25514976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23359456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35672784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22323760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18176096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19173984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11827856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20250112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13928608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21295552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12877472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19200512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22320416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20216464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17069456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19210432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17089152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18134736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24420504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17126368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26525920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18120096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23368376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18164608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22339688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22325776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23358592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22358240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33570680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19180288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16032600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17100832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18138464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20232000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16019200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18178040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9757920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17127800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13919456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21295136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13932896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3448448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17079936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17103872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25480928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21273120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24392520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22321328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14952816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26516592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19172176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25490848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18119312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24438688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23370192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25492864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38865280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26484776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21267120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11829856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29691328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18145384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25454672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24429536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25460864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23361152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25476144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24418848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16023200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23371392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17101792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24426304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19168848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23361152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25503680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20224784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 40909320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27577376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26541440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26484344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21273120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23364592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18127392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21289704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13926048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24421024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17098272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22335200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25467232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24391224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24438144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25483216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23395712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21267200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27556496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19145176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28604032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19183424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26540864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24408496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26538464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24388128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31486656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18129952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20237024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20218544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16037008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22368704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21273104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14973584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16023120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21321624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17091104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15003176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21317440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18123440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26528480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24415984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16023200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23392416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19169728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24430096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23373840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33585416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23380832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27558496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22362656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23373600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27558576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26507584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25462624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27558496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19168672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19168688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19179912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21313632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26509760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24418096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16072352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23393664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17088416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20241304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19159968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27572464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24418592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37767704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22305936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27550640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23362096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24459712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27558576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27586264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25459504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9738824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20250912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17076944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24458400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19169888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23375624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19169728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26510240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27565040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27587056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24463296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27569576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18124592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21291112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26498160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14980048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23394528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20222144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26499120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26508864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 69504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31762904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27560256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26502400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23340272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19167088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27553936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24469184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25462208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25457504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21263280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20214064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16018320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25470952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18119232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27561736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20230416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24410448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19175536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22317624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24413488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21267680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19165488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21262160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21262240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19166208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23363872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14971824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22353824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13927728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38819104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13922528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21276448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22316336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26502400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8671680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23383304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20222544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21265760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24407968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21279672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23360592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14972784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19190144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11826016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23380984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18119552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28607440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22328624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24409808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28613424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25475848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24406000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26511600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25456544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24424928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28620144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10797368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27578224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14987536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 41965040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13927248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23391072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16059584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25479136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23365952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30700624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25463704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26506080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26498560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27546448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23352832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22317376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27559216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12898688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24433024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18130512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24420056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23392000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24465536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23365968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27612128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23354992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23403576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22313856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20214064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24414608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14971776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25474888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19165168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 41970912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12880672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27572296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20216528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25457664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24404992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23369256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25463424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24415568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20229248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22312736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26496560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27554240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16039192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24428064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38035120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22340536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18123152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23370664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22322672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26495760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26519560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23347872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27560496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17069440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38811496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19169008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17073536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13929888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23374360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24414848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22326400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24412992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16033800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21276328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16017424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22343360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25461808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21321824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16026000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25471688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16025760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20228368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26566752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21262784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20219264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24417744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22347136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23365952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17074576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35676168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19172128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10782304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24421528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14980648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18130336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20231504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24399408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22327544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21252240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26518032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14971248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23392416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16051368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21294784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25493304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24425088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24418888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25463344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24419008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 37766704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24439272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22328688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17056896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23392000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17108160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23366288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14997424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23373360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23360432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22312816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21263280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17086160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26519760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18121392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20227336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16025920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28638368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13937728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22331736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24408688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27586304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23358512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20270368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27554736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22327568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23360992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21293896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34642528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25461184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17090240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20202352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18117472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22348752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20214784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13929808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20257184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16020320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38062664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5573560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14975304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14986160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19208608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13940520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21284832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22311216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23360832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16051016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23379432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12876352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24422464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2852208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18139368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21277848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21268800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14971024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23412704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33579024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23388256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22335960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21259440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20213024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22316336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22311376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16078848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20267912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12877152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24449536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8696056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23400384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20252744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24408688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25457824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22334640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24408368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26524488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26519648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18106080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25467576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16024960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23381104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11864488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23381016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23361152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21269840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26511840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22308096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37768000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24424592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23396832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22317536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24404288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20224944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20273632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25456784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11842016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21325952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16010480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22373072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21275024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26508144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29662432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28618232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26500000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30693264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21279552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22327192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27566976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27567760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22330120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25456784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25470864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28612016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35748752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26518800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28597472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25477344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24420288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26521848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27562152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8686048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35950528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -745696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32790816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15002792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23392416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17122624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28620728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20233296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24423072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23376512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20220384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22317536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25468704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21275440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20228848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24407408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14984960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26538144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19165792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23091624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22330976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13980640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16053632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22342592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24424368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20225112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21293688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24406208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24414688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21276680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20225008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17074656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20219328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19168112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14987072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24425632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20228104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22326000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19174352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19183224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14982064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12885536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17103136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30433072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22368320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13940512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16039752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17101536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19179728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17072416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19171008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18116992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19181464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22330320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19171488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14975024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14991352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21282896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11822016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20234232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16022640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22346912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22310576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20214064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24427072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24438944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19195040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24430416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25476128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20213424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23362912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16057912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16054208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32533216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26528064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18115792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23376824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19186512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23396992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22331360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25514784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26526304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24426192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27586208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24425632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13942752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18142448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26519760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17071536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21300224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11829136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19186800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14980760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21298144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21276144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22313216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23373456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21283344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18118272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18120768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24421112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12905280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22340448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33563440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21290464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10820224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23379784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17088240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20233032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17071616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24409408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19184432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23366992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18187200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24419352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16049472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19220688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19169648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11831936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23394048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15024032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21282808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14989088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21284832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22317376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23361552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26511520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24401488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21282136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26510720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24434720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25476968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20237488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36748752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13927808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22352960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10777280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23382248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12926688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21317360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9730704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19185656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19165568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17103136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20230504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19167568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20260312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10781040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17082168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11841896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20267848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6585456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21278000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18116912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19173248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19177328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17072576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34910688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22339480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32527328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20213936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16006320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16041072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3847968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19177616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10779360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19194656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12880032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22332528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21261600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18128672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20227776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20215504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21267920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19192080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23368488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18124112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22327128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17074336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23371920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13977184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24432760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13933488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24430472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24438944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21269840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25469424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25458624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24425168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 39859704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26516400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22318272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23359872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17121856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26506400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16036000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25497824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16031680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26559304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23356672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14972864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21303808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21258160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24408368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17083296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24405776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13933592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23383128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16031680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26525688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16024800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22340288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21275360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28608992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26521960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26498320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25454784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 36740816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24427296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22326704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21278448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10793424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26542824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22325664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23374720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16077336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27601984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16034688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26552640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16030448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23421568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22325984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27566224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25489088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25468656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22325488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23361840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26518832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23373184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24423056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16043040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26538600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20226592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19181216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16037568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28662344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26543232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32512832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22341568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22326720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21276368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18130480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20240224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22323024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14973232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17085424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16014848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21294576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12876640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18148848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21289568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20226992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24424496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24423136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22335968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25469792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24425888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20230720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19180736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26530752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14980832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23396736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16034368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24453952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25465552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35693824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23379520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25472752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23375440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24470112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22331808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23365040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23409448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21308864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21267488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21276288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14974992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26543328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14989472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21296512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18131152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22336896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24418576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23377216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23383344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26523504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20216192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21249280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24421696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16034288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22350080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17082224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23397792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15034272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 36740856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15015104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24437248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21272368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26528288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22321120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24460480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19168928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14975584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23379488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16025040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27587968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17078160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25475056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25474192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25461344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21271048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25470752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17073776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27570984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17101296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33577048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13967328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11834040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19196864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19182376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24402368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23369696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24418672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20265504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23346248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17072816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20257088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17071776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25488936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12878272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26539680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23360896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22320080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24418272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22333984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17120448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 40914632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2431136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25485824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25457184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27565936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28662816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30715392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25439512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25461344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25462384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18120976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25481016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5541528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3833384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16023120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24443392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25472424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26516040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27564616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25511872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29657488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20247024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27558416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 40920656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21256400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27558496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21267040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24415536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21278352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9719744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24443712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23370664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25481512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27568752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22312320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28642240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17076000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26531440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18118816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21288912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20216464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23380400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27600832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18152248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25484272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27556496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6598224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22344704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22315824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16024160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 39869016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25449744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22320944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13927088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25490720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17072576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22330208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21266048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22317664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24412768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21267232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29657616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26534080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24410432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24419240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23419456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23417152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28607152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20248344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25472112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26519208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23368416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23364032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29656688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27582656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24428768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23363152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25514304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 41983224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24451840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13926048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17103744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22320944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14974544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24443488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16026288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25490432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23364032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23365072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22315456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25461552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24412528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26519120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19147264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21285216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21281544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23365200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26509760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24410432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27569016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23361056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27570256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26486360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35670400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19218656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22324760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22321520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14981328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21295456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12876496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23392416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17071776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25472776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20221904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23367712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21320000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22371720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24422968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27558336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18118176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24436576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13927808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22345952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30704064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23405984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27555440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21263904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32528824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30717384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20229632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27547456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25436336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20230920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28610752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17098040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24434464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29656688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22331616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27558336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27554320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25516608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28606032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29662736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25458928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28618832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28608480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19183600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5542480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24451680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28608112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25478224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25473984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28619232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 40913744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25464304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25465264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24412768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14975904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21297664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19169968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -772584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20218208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21270560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22320240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23367760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27558576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17069600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27573000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19167392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24401664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9739088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25490720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25465424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26522560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27562576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 40911384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23386328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22318720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20226592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27557696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14974624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24471368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18123152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23387120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13928048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26558640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22318000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27564080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25477432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21270480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17071696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22327048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14974624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25510064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14975392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23394048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19169968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24409728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26506880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25465584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20221904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 36743808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25460784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27562328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22368576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23342792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24455104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16057408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24468768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19161896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27567640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15003176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15005248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22363192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23364480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18174272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30727240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27556496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25434608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25461344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28614016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6617824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26514704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19174832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18127080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21314944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35981792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38857600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38069856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16023920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25465184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17076576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24434728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23376680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20230464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17072736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15003176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16057216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21298944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25463072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28619472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23386328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22287448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22321472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14975424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21316072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14976464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23396160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21270720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20218464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25461504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18124752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34625880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14976064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25488936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11833136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 15002560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10808256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16029520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18150688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21272368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16023200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20227608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8683168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20244672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14975344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17122496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21294632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22362656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24413776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21276240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16025168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17101824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12885784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 36725984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19178528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20227664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19172016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23358488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18120272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20239720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14976384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18150784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18117760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20241392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22304080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20252672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19173408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21257200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13929056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20246688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11834320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24440992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21271224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19173408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19182736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23361312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17071776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37794760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16012640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21294880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13927808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24439744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19174248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20218544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21272944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17080480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23392752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13924448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19200224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12883632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23394528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20223792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19173056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16035592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21321624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12878512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21296896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16025200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21296416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17081024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21279528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28342864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9704464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7647856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11855584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11883544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12929648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11881280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4517568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4546136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2421824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15001312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10809984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15004288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13955712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12911648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11856064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19206272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24409728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18154784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19175832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7632512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 303256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19199104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -756096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1397784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -724128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34883808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1802592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3475424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32809288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11621000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1352256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6616192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32805472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35989440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21309568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9730864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37029536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9755632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34916472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20227688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4505712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14983760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27577024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37025184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33884608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3850656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4513896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34908640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 334112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 331904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4527360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6643184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23399200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7635552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37002712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4530912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38079072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5536560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36996664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17855888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38098176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2418400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4518528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8714304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3469504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7664000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4540832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1368000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5566944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3868032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2421376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1771552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8714784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7689240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10812480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3477376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2426848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6616480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4519040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4544784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32809464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3444928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3888384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4519904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7689240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5568480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8712672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2420544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3470752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17856048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7671616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3501656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6611552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3873056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1401008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2822176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 311608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2819488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1372320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6616448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1374816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1374432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2421184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4519200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38050816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5577536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29663264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8679712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3471968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1373184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3470720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3471200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38050816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8687648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31760328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10777664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9472688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1356176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2820992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3455048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7661280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2422144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1372416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5553696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2793856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2422144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -723968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1772160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2422144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37003296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 337568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 310816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6617312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 324128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7665888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4520160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8713504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10788896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1374720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23398976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4532160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5567872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6636424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4518240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4519200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15753344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1356176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2421888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 309320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1369824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2820352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2821888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34929760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6601424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1773408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1374912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3872576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 324608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35954720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5578016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32811984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5578016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3471584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4522176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1372320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1374720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35955776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33867128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20998752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -720744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4540832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34934560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1383936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3448184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5575424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3449856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4525504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4547424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4497024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -697992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2821216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6641040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35957008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2398960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2814688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2428544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3469344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1372192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3850960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2423968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4499520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3910720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4510552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34926272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5579104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2842128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3498224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4497024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18914624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6593376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2422720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 348712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5592008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5588928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7644072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3495064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26538176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3464960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37023744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2809216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38073472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8727328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5573152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6612960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2449088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6636360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4517568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31755312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8684592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1744656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5573984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3449504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6594088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1366080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 351936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4520064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1390984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7690616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23098272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4526400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2408496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6639232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1771392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8711936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1380160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2408408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38053224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7634592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8730912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5546744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8692208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -717088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8730808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37021792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10821120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33871424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8723968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9767328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2447736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5596104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2421376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5592464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -717376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2402368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29684000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5511456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2822272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4498080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3183904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8687728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7696856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5562976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6614816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3500056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7662720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4515936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6617600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3853056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9755632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -723968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5567488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4516032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7666176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10809504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5568256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8713984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2820736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5569024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37003032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3441248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6637152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34905152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7676256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7693840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17854424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33898336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35954368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 336992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38049672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5565472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38051080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7671488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3464448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30711840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8684528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35957360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5538400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38044184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4525280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5567872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3495832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38051608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2428608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2821120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38050816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3440368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 323744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17922576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17121504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6562184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11888352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2420800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4546656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6612992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9744632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7687288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5599600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33852784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6643432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4520640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6617600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3491216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8741520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6636736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3464640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -722432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -694976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1762624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5594920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5564384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12661952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38100768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2873088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3851064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3864736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -741976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31766400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38080032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27592776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1813152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 32814800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2826344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1783160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2836840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 324416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1792696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2410728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34892640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2388912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35946824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3865912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1764768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 312432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4500136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1361040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 324416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2820736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3860512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1360128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1783928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23087792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5562616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3868608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2402424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35948760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2389632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6604064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4509376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6604944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5577504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3460184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9751464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4529248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3881872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7647712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3860128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3448976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5556456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2412664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4507880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4507528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2431392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6604008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1363560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3896512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3448624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -736144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6604944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3461800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6598872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16799496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10795120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6632768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10796488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1355176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3460096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7646808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1779456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10793592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1783576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9743544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 311288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5548096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9778144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7647864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8714080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 313312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3476864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4504424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3459720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 308888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4507152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 312080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5555048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34900448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7688544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 312080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4503192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2406128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6603624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18887312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2399072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2407648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 36999760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6640352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3854784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6596024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1353208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2423392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7645544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1371840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7664448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1382688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2418880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37004176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5542080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1792784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2429088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1354968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4501048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3478048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5566144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2405304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2429088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35978496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3442208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 36994112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17862008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33911776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4486688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7672832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4546864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5565376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3479104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7650848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5576544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4526496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2813792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6625664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37001800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5564464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3853536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1372536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7671680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6615872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4520160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5548128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5570720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2793584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2450960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30710784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2396824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2430048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4502192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5574528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5570176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2429088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16819136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3447728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2430816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7660128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -744120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6599872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30709288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4515096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -721888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 324224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2420416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2422048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10809504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2405304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5567104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2403016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3451240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3886152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5547248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -743768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2401520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7666720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7645456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31758920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9769664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6618560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9744192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6614720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29663440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8679792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31495520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18159464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13934032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20255104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18117952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21272688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23365152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19192784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20221616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22311216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13922608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20228952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13926768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21285008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22339656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20214704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24408928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24413632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16024760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22352384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12879232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19219336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13926688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19192800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20212704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20218144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -754256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 332576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18892808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2830224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3461328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3872096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1755304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25463352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1365408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3880640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1783576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1381568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2840248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26504240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16017520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13963400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13958496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3888440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32802152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3437488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3458072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5576544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1360744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8700512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2831008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2394416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27552016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32793616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20257088 bytes
