benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 55019824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27681728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 40190720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4486192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -115035824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -16489952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 235157312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 63222800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 209954240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -43771680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 153083584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 130440192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -161125824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -14395264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -50029824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4501008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 247722608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -301671184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 86250848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 96774304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2100592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -7950720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 48536048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 65329744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 178571280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -64747952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 65319504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -16509312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -129720432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38045328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 348659056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -354034544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 205867968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 136622720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -50060112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -125544000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -81481008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 241461264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -343638336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 239375280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 161468144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -35237680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -37456464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 50621936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2380496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -16449280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 130285840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 77926544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -169612992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27557600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 251684080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -167351408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 180655344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -253425536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 266617776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -175862880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -138157824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 145005552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -152796560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 289715552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 81886656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -75103680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 61144752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 86306560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -167464736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 293867056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -177978000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 151328752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -255541568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 274983312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 182479712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38147728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 42271008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -278602608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 308596480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -182189408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -98254640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -37446208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 88343728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 71590352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 205505936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4612096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -186328560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 287613792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -324768272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -16444912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 281281136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -58393936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -234602080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 149198064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 226532816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38153680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 100996944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1794720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -131829488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -5967696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17070736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 58995440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -136013232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -127651488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 251729904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 88522864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -16435104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -242962720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -66819136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -43764688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3896112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1798800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 373598896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -163251264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 251651984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -192494192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25498672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -54238304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 92565472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -37426064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 58991008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 157588976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 146975528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 103086304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 132214592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 149336288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -91957472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25447504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 84171536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -98283008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -18568496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33886064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 71608864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -119261808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 274912352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -12157968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -16452112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 56940256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -234586464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -37473488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -16482624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 293892720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -259718560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 245633744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23061872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 172387296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -121322336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 193220272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -251369408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 289717808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -123428032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 100970896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -324782352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 79982256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 300044800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -234457792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -22740272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -52121264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 228858960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -184219376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -41665216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38058720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 226736448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -125532992 bytes
