benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 41981920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20266656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24401088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22327576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24417656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24420120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20224936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22316624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22316640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21267120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16023344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26539008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28610200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25489904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24413840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33893536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27562016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12902912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18151648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25486824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 43840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33877632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23393280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26502624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23360160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27562336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22304976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27559536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27565280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28609600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27560336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27582976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29659952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25498528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24424768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21279088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26511728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27564704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25466768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18124528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27582568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26537512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29658952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23377904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31471288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22326664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13975776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32802448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17073536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18143184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9744400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18153344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21294632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22316560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25466768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22307760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24409952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18139680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26508720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17072576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8712688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15007616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22344992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25472688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19169888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38831712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32827824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23377584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24456352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25467424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17071936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25458304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23362992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27613280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25512704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30703264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26530296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24416336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29653648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27594560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18125152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25467816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25461184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16027376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23395392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24413696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26513920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21272864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11816976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27589120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13957064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22344992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38848128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24451328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25460304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30720488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24424376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23374712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23395536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25461344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22343208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27558544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24428856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25460464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29654448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28636952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23377904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26556960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28611168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21280752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26510848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24409632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25466552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12890112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21324888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24412768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26511920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23367496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32541008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25521608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18118176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22337488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21272464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23362352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24412848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13935504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25490720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22319040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21314080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25461312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25510592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18127520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25484272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25464784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32806616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28619584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21265664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29654448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28631232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28610336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29683240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27587760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24408592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25462304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27556496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 40909200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31776256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27595936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28660032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23360976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23365072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27557696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26509680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27562152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24426480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24420384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27554320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23360896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24412128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26518592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19173368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28643136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26539800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25464912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26517536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23368024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28660032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27589344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20231208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27568880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25474352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28342104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35967152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26553504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27564960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28604576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27555440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28617760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27555280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28606912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30734104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28606640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8687552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18179536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23375624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23371928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27558576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30718024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26545984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25468608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25473568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19168688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25501120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21278720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28609120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25458288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28606032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38818032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23361152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21272944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12877520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23401952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26515424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24442176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25467816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23361296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25508384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26562880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28611232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22345496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28608480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23376936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23411904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28623016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24426480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26544928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26514104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 40919424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19190792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23381664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21281840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20227664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23364240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26557152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26513664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21271136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24418672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27556496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24423408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26539008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28615056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20215328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29666416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24415072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28607152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28634664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27588376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27571240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26513184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27562320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19183600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28616272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37761248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30740640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19177888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13923968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19197248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20215424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21276928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10836448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22345472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24420032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20226872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22317744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20216464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18120272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25498944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22319096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29665024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1347200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21299456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24398856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25491136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27570176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24442648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27567816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29660432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 40909328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24422936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24421000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18141536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18119152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25475152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20224544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22342496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22322880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24417472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21275800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24413776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23374888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25465424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30712224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24415152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21296512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25473024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23404960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26509120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18123696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34622112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21255936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21259344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11853840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 39094160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20247456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13913744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12879472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6584880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12875936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33857568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7690408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14978544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3485792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37022328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30701968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3829432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26550144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3419560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7645104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33828192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27601696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28658288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17132728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5540368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16036352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6583032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2401256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3833800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32528824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32861632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32843040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6592656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19177592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17095752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2827104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13893648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7645808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22324024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6628064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26506784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31783648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35975232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22357952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10827456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31760416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26538048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8689192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22348192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17114784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25443760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35995296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2397632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3857120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23406528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33872880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7659624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38051344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -9312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26548576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10777728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19206016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20218704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31776544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8715360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34913208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5548480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31731400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 346840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1789672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12885960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14981176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 15005920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6589456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -755152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5526216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13923472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9764288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 36994384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2382112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17085504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20222192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25498240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37019752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28596184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26519296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24124800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34945824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 320472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29641808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 294640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7669216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23363040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1764000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2401728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26487656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37011680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3847296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14975424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20225584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10822272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22310720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25497440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26523368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20273400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18120880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27587328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8682656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26534872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38038000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31775728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 323104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4531520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -718240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33848160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -732328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18882448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27597568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3439376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19202304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4468496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2409952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1767968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28603760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19197760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38064984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37023552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13968096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34954840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23405280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31806384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21289264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31789472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23392064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38044416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3898944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29676288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1348176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9747208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23373512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -744576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10766240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2401080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2841768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12880736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20225320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16787328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16057696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22340288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19184392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22356416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19212544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20213424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8713976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22293280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21291024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28619024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24444112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28656864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6587872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26507600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25457744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8720544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25466304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24472672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27567856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26523808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38057704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30711008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38041584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -729336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33892576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1790120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17064944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26545088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12873840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26235936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -708416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13931984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21274784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18163648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5534848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18151936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19175632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22357568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21316256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20260512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17071264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17075696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -745472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17084224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15018208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10791184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16031776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3433408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33853960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17100864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34921568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14989032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9773792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24423464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2851168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12908288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34905632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8682096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17115456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26259680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32852576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11804488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13980408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18179160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21300224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18119072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18114560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20242536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19179248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23373312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18123152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3455840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23397248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23386536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20222288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20227584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24423088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22336552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23360912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20230624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23365152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33865952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14993904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26522200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30698928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21289616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38823248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19169728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3888624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15004960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9749680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11840848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31757688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8673472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19199744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6579536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4519296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20268432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26519264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26511680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28603456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26524952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26507424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27562576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26507648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25457088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25467640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28619232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24428768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24412608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21275040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26496480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7641056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38828176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17069056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24409648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21282016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38068328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17098496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 36990400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12920768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 324512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11857952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -728672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17101632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19183424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15017920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19223808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22336080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28614720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16028944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23372448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20218704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19176816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19212224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4510464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21297568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31762024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31748400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10777280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16083112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 39859936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3901584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11856128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5563904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1791520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2421792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7606808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26487296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3844616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9734128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8687784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11851040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22343872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21316528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4508616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 325984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11857920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -775680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25497536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2825536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4528864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19173544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3849408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34901072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5538400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1781312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1772512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32793616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2421568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1153200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -755376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13929568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8708800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3837920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13924128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13980720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5554136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3447328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35975072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35969768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27601024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3496144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3869888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34924832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3898144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3874712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9760800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19227592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11849088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10836592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13959360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24470264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23371400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19202552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12877392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26564984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18128032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7658480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32521448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9776672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -728576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29660976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2416480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27589920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12876176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3855424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34910912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20208864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27595872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4489584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1773408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18128664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9727328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37001272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28628680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7633376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35950384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2391632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21296416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12877472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9761792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34906144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19207904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25502912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23412384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2389536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17079208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29381088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10840000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6623072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17079208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12904160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -717408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10797368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10810368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13956864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18118176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12881912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9762848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3921600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 36995440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11865312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2391296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3446912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2850016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13955232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11837472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10812000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38052136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10794128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30447008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34906592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18160928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13936032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2809536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4546656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16041488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6597176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9762080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3897360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28605872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5576928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11858944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21271224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17115072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33853872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17093288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 324080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13955232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13957632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12909152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16054784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14978592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29658368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16872480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30727120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21321920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11865280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1360744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4526464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3462560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14993728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13920368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3862480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12887304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20236520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11830576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30721136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22320704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21299384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23361872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10778560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17113792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23379224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26525920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13922528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22308096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5559888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21289408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7632752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13944712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35947352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11862464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3880728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26233536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13925488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11849248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7643928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28608992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8696168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10795792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9760736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 37028416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3438208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35934832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19165088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35942784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -727608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3459304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11847184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27557072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20234464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21264000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10775120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14993552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19184456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18116432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23373064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22369248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11826496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16042216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16043360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34887008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17096160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18896000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24414608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23382752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 36993920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19201616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20213584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22313456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25458944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24424528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21288680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25457504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24415408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26505120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23341312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25501784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23361232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20257056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 294240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 15012800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18150208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18137312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23371568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19170368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21266800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19165488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21270192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22312256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14971504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24431088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21256192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30429840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5549624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19194368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19180112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9743720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17104608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16039368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25470896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20203504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21263360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17068496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19184920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24439976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17079208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20221264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17073536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18136344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12882616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6615968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12906176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12907424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6599696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16051904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19178736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19169648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17071136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12892144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17081584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35667016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18123552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16076040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20222648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17075376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19211712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23377528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20220048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13930688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16034152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21306336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20274304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18118432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19177616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18121536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19174072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6589616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21297664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19164128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19171728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19172808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18124408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16034088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37763896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19172992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20220592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18118672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20226192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3443992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23422896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22308880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20220304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17074576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23376912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19172768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18124512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19177616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19173864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33859216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9751552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7645160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9747592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24425400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13927808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21306336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21276240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23365952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18125232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 37773320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16077312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23400384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18118512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20230416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19171808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24427688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21266760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21262640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21262640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19165488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22318768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17067296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21273624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23358832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23417344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22351920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25457984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25457584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21286224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24409728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20219184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22310816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23361792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20246464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20216864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20220384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24415568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34621488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22368576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21259440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18115872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11841784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19179760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15014176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17082432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17073600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18133264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19192608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20247520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14974064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21269928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22310816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19164448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22345632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19164448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18123320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19178056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16028456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23400960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22311936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22310176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21261600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18117072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23370424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34632608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20217264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20260192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6583216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12926528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38076992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17096688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24408368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22311536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23360432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20214624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19166128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20221024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17067376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21271336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21263680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19165488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22319912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19166528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19173040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18124464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21275912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20216944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21262960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20213664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21264640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10784080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33583712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19181328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20228608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19220928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20232384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21262640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17106104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20232240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24422112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22325056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18124192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20224672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21275200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21315008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18123152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20227424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20228848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19181312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20221424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25474128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23365792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10785104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22348832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21275520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37771600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19180752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18147040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20227776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19171488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17075696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19185096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23390880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17126368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21271224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4484224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21296416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20224368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18124192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20227776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22306416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21272944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14977504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19172848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21273040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20224944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19177008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23375240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17125888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16039192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15035432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22346624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20227328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21273520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 36740992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25466704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22320096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25468464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22317536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20227808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19164688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21280064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20228848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4501248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21273520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22307936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22317536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19161408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20220704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21275520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23366832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20228704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25469488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23375952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22347576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 36734576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12893968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20228304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21264720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22374400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22311936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22312816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22309376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24427232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14978296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24463152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23377528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22368384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16019520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19211168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22320704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22330160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24410208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18135880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23388256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21282864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22324640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24410128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18137136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21290816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21262960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20233008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19155392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20233008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34651008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21289424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10789264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19199936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23377616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20266528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21281664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17070976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5545688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19185744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21297056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17069936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21276880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22316096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22331440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18116992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19192704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22330320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23372176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24464672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19198848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21275024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22316176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19164528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20219024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21265760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21274944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6602880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14993640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35674112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26564832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24422032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18133328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20249920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21281584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20235248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22302496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24426192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21281344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23360992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23416096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20271136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21275024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23361552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23360832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21282624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20215104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22315376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21261280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21267600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19171488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24414776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21267600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20228528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10778960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21283688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20214064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21280784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21263440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31481680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19225472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13925488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17117376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17095552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 296384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16042392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3489280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17109504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18136344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17080552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17111808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18152960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18129832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16033120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13943800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23388096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18156736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18124232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20210096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17079216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17087768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13928784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20249312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19167568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17072496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18136344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20226456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33576232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19183728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20228784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19168528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20253376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20227984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20228624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21264000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24421888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17071136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23399488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22282824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25466376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23374512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26515008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22310128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24412208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20228784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2402992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22335520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19169328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22318736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36740184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21277760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19177408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19176368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21269048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21262320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22326544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19168288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21274480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4490624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17109216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13945448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21304768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20203904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19177408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11830736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20268784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16024640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22351808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11825856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23391136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12886752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16043360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10801008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21278792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19164528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17076856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21279080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25207824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10792528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17097424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17084512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17094496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13940896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15015904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18147880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16040384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16051256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14988832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13954896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17085984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15001696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26525760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12884960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8723680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15002328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 308768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18148056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10785344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18157024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1364832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16065760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10808728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16054248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18160864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12887808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16051168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12911264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37770656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22328960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22325984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13910928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22344208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19181296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19182240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19187264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20228432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20219952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20227792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20227792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17084880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10785048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23400000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24420736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25472272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21280736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22324784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21275728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22320064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22323968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24403248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29714816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17090656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14994368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14991616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22332792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21264768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16818800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14990512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19197504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16075744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21298336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20233472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22376224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24397088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20240224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20227712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6598064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16037904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12915392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17103168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20234368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26521008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25467952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24423056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20229552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19180176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23370544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18132720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13949152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21310528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22330464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23376960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20228752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24424816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23377984 bytes
