benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 262121920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -194666608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -60461536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 157582416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 132414080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -50064240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -121314384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -154920192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3873056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 272881056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 264673136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -272163168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31733040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 105180992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -85687776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 197382880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -41634992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -91961424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 40110480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 182755296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 125800384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -45703056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 222553392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -110826672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -47951088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -129723440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -29033104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 285491280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -64710144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -29076848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 241163040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 69576896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -45784192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -5991936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -201050400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 189037104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -121353808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12896736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 67360864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -159052688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 163584528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -106519248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 228876064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -156947904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12860288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38046336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -20692720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1831200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -159099440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 289709264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 174005440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -79247344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -73076144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 113559776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -50041328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -14413184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -83600896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 212150672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38039216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -215751744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 262201088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -184153824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 90523824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 92578368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -10216608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27569920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -236673872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33835040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 170140416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -203086544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 73365744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -12171456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -62563760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 94678320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -91978128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 222588720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -242964672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 316983712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -16508832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -159078144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 46125728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 256232592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10830160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 107264712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 176420864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38075696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 130124992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 92557232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -196849360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -22756128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 98589648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 187049856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -182099104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -52099872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 260332400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -52154032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8691648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -108737680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 161757008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -343618464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 301955360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -14302688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -20614016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -182163712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 226793472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -102437072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -16475952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -110878880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -54242240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 88384320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 155153664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 176579632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -242964736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 182783904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21259520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -247152368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -29070176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -52116560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 46430160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 174365136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 186626560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10919968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -70967408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 92560576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -106635728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -60525984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 233078016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3912272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -79391664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -165368080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 257904272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -156839776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -41635168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 86311536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 98875808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33797728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -16443824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -184286512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -70970560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8643840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 142564592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27686640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 61129520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -240842064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 71592960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 159647504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38052896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -175876384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -121343440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 126109296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12570992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 300301648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -272284672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29633248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 258264384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -194721360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -121370896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 191159536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -230377504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -14413744 bytes
