benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21002960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19218368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13933472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12908288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23392416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27600832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22311520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21273664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5538480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20248800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24420384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20236832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21304320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29655648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28634664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27562560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28605776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26539272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22347584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18121392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24435696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21269608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9733504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 36729136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21268080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23365072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11874400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26544320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21303360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25451344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9763400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21298144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21268880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27561984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23406912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24459808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25462144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27559376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26538568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21272104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19169968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26523376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30767584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23404032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22362656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21263904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22311520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23408064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19173168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26514048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24418096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19173408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22346432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24418192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22366112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26516392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19174816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25450544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25461344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 42016680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26508320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25458208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26486576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29691648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28618504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24420016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25466320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27564704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17100328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29668392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28605696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25491224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29655408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29652512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28641376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28620784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2421232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25490432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25458208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22319056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22322088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24413056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25465184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27561776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24441328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24432144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21273512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 39891600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24395616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24418712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18133200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22322088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25460544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20223352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22322352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23365120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22324992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21266000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24413776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23420608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21314080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22305696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26497840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26511408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29662120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26552512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24420352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25465528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21270800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25449504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27562336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25475232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21268080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38822304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27596608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17084336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23395128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21269808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11830016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22344128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25462352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24416208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24411568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17067648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21279784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22314576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27597472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20231208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20216464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19168848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20218464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22314544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20217392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20215424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19171936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8683888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18120272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23369784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22357952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33577640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17107616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17059328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17078064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17100328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17113280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17085656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18128176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13932600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17096896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19199768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19151360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12887576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13956096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18147520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25485504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19182208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23367712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33892288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25466144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22304080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25464864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27561936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26506784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28603056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23377904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 39866408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26513840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27560064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23361072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22362560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28595392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29655296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27573472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21283128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28595232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29652352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28604816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29668392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27628368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18121152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23389408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26486064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10779184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25489568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24466016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22322088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38841152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18118592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26516392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18125496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28629736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24426656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24419768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24401232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24419240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26509920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23359936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25461424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25479712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27556496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23405664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17071776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20242040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24415856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21270560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20216464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25514304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19173328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19188736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21263440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33643832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26520000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23367696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27602080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26509680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23368736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24424528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27558624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23395128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26557632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22319696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26509920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20194904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28612256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25465728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28606912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26523632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28611168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23377904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26543488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24416600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28607872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22343208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28608912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21295600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28604752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25491400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4496736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37792808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22324256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21271584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18121072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22322440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25463728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25473664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26565760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28610336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24426480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27538032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25463728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29659088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26557632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32811896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28606112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30700048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24424112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29663824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26534080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 36718352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21266480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24466976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22324640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16022960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22371928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20223808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23392688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23411232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21273440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25463072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20221904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25501472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23367552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27558496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20232264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24406528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25462144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21270880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18122352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28615920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26522664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19175712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25460304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 52216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26574216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14967808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25491680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29655408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28614160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29683416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24467360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29680384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28632288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24410272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29656688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27586088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25458928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28607232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27558256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27587144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26538480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24410432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27567872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27564240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23369520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25461424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20221744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22328544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27565664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34633440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23365472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23396384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24418672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19229296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23365200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18121312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23393600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20260800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24415856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25468960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19218560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21287008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21255504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19158352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21278704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20218448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20236832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19173056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16036704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20222928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21267232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 36722192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18156864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24432440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23365072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24459808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19180320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17071776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23375624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24413648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21273512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25461344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21287648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22305376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18120272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24431328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20219344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22316656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26508720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23362256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27605536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34625800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21272400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13928352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21295296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20216464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12879472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21304000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24412656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22314416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20217312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23359072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23364112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21327616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21253760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17071824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21287680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24409088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25461344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -746576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6616480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12933472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17102528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12871496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 326944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18151488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19184920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22312208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20218624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24421088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 40911176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24411168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26515864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26516000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24416072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25493856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24411536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25494528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24418848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7633552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18175336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25468200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21279120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24411936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26516000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26509408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23361920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26518320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23362720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24424448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18124616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27581424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26506544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27560720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27555344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25475848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34618624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20219024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21328672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20217392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21274688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18121792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23370136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14990560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21295744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20216464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20213344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21261920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22314976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22315504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20216464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17070736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22307824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21265888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22323184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22314464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20217424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20218464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18117312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23370136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37769720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25464304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26515600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20221984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27557376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26513840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26514304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27562064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21282072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23365392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23417824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26514704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21270384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27566816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24383592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25472568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24422128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28605872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27574496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27547840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25461424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25473744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27570256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23361056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19178448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 39868504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21270240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17116032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23370960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21320480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23373472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27598528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24428768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23384600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21275600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24419312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19175480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22336024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24423088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22370880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25457664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26522080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25447024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27568016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23359552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25482448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27570896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26495600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19173808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25458832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27556656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26524952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38819928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22318896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22369248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22321120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21272704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24412208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19175392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20222384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17071536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23406464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24455104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21264320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1793312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23392416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20230224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26519184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22321536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18119312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23386856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25459504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38820440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25485344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26519280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21242400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20212304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24391080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20218224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25458064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23392064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25460544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26546400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22317920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21298560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21245208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17072576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25474880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26504800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25472704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22321696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22347400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23368720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 36723712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21267600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22348192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22321840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17079584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23377728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24450304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22342784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22320144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22321456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21272368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14954688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25477168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19201408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25458304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25468064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23375872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1802592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23392288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6596336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3470240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22351296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3902464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25468544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22319184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32519448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23375552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27584320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24426304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20263488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26541440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4481920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22362400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19177536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11860512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24419968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22348632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14973584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23418360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23406528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23372752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25492864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25439512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24444288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18149568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20242272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25492864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 36721408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18129896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20261984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24422256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20224048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23412768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22316496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19188256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19206912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21278848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25461344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14978864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21280160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25461184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22318896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21272544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24420752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24420384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18129368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20231312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33892288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23400512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21314272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23352656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 40913976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24428128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16023200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23392608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19168928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26565760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25490048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13925808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22346240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23377040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25474192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18124752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23369696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21273512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38819576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17109536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25459088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25469328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18122192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26528480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25508384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23366160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15022624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21294304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24422256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26521672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26514984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21292544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5548688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23397792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20220304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21267040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17070576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24440360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34652544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20215184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24414528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25469400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22310816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24407328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21265000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25515744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23365952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24465536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18134384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21274416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23359792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9771208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23380840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24411088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22315336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22310976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26504480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26500000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22303248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23358752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24409968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20222528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22313296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26505520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26500352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26519280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22291936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24414608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33576432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23398560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21268800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24414528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23361232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22368384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19167248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34930872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20242328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21264240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19162768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20218144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22314336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22311536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26505520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28603312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24456032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24407968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19177296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27559216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23377200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26522320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28597744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25477344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26503152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29663352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22309056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25514112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 36746880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17071296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14971744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19190704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9736736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22334552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18119392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1351616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21283952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20214864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22312576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20216864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13954624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22332264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21263680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12903704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21283688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19167088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22322992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22311856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21264240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20214704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21265280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20215664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19165888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20220224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21266800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13924208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21286152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 36725168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22340800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22320480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22302256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25463184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23376112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23368272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26563072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26505664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20219728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27562240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24403872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25516608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26516800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24418272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24415328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27569104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23378696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28610992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26524952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27562576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22340960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25465184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16027040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23377056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25464384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25465504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31496824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21326048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13981216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22324464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22321824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13930128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22324464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19171152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21277056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22324488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23355696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25493304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19176768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16026000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21277120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20220304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19197096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18131656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22320680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20220128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22311936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 39868112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21270784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3444048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13936120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6597320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22326488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23393424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25464224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23377352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26511760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24445784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16024960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22344704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22309120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16024960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21279672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21252880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18117552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19199968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19169648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25461104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21273440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20221344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35694840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23399232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22312576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16021120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22352384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20214624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24405808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22310416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20215664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21264240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20219264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17069936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20223904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21264240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19191728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21264320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19167568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20214624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25514016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22310816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24414608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23360112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16077312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20227984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22312976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24407968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 40930752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25461424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23377112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25457504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22316336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23358752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24448104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25473976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16041344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25478256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25485704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26506160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21275912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23359792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26507120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27556496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26518792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26493040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27575680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24402848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27584792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20231472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26507600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22332800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21268800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27553056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23376144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23416960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23366112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27554736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36713552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24431632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19175888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25463352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21262240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24407968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25462304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26522640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16033920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22325312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23360192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25513248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22334640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23360432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10775760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20229184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23361872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13924208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20228160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22311776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25455904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18140336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23371920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22312816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18115872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25468720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25485616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23361152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24450832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22311616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37779408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23374016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22368808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22312480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18126816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20227776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21317504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22324960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19161408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21273120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24424256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21275536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21271824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24420912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18127792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25473504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25514976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26516320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20220384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20249896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24414928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35721456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21276880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9741024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22347168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24408592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19178208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25474504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25466704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22324896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23373536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27608672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18136344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22321824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23354192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13958968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24440992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27566896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7650584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24444832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27595424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24404048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24425488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27566736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25436192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20227664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28619456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26486496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25504608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 36723688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22318736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21320192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25516128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25435976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22327536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22320560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24421872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16030640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22346016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22324096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24424528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23420608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23373632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26541880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26500000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25470544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26516480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16029984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25493856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27567776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8673488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26541888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27561136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 40920072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25459424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27552096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26561824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25468928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1341056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24430120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24406608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27573840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20227336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23377696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24465920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28607632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28615944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23400736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21260880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26505520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25485408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20237488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28607632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26521784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25450064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22331344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27573280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22304336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20233008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25460064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26523664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21255920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26524704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32526752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19200672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22311216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20219024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18120032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13935880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18152800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7649064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21284128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21281584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18117952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19180464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19171984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21267600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13924688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19180872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21269752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20233248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18120032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24434720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24426192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24426512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18136096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16032680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18171280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20224960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24428352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16039520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23383304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23373216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34636544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14994528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20228304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23373456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24413328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23375328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13941712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21310816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23387408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24409088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19196448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22319912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22309856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19170448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12880440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24426776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24420752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25475888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25461664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20237488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21266560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24428352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22340928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14992368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24429680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24409568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24426192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 36988960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20242504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25463184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36724288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23388496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26518240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24401008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23361552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24466592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24407200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21292352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23371712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24452152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23370672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22322976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23386032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26537568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27551568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27549936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27556896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29649168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27568160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23376232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28631608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27573528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23348352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25514976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28608272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28619024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38821208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24419648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23355184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22364544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17068496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26517680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24421488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23359792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21274400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25459824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22327216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21273840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23371472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26511840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25463296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20225984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7687680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18139368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22327216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18159040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21276000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25461064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23376112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20257848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36796936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23372216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16025320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20234232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21270752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22311056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21261840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21263680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22309856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22311216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11826256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12895344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18138224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20230064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9757976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22339904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25456544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18142072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23375704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23371632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20232768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25467744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23375952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21320672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23370672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17074896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24445664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24140376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21282752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8687456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20248024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23371904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22375168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25472592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25471312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25476992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26490320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25443584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11840224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24442504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25471632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27569584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23369840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25513312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23374320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27543856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26516128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24419376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22325424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27566864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18149056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26516032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26516208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24417936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3859312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9753824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25209968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21281808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21334272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19226752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21287872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9732112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22349120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12933952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20258592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20224672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6587584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18154720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21289568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20229072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31809472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18135920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23389568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23364064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22325984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25468016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22328704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25480832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21266208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24426496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25482368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27567664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27582784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25488992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23377920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22317824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 39914016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19185216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19169376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17088064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21279776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21275808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21275648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13926496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21298008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19167456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21280352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23347552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22324784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19180176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21322752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17080448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18154528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19181184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21275488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21277888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21276368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26520528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22320864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23378880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21278368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25460752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23373520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22371520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16033888 bytes
