benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 327236800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -335250272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 237434368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -192647936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35894992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -22728160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 42196944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 216234816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -213621520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -68943312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 98618432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 143023328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -77356512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 48616832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -222068736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -18486192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 170035792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -22693616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -96143776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3920304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 41912144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 310901152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -370845408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 289624768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 88335232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -249160464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -26950960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -106735776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -16449008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 84071376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 266414736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -91802960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -18582944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 88357936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -66794160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -91938576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 44327792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 63150160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10852928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -85707968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 203476896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -215671184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21423376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 56832672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -77340832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -16382032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17039856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 94659936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 254112160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -370980992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 264298208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -87690672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 80121296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -125558048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 212103264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -345677568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 239230880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -140088976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 182678752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -322686816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 61157520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -16352032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -45811552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 327386896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -119287648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -16366624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -215807568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10852832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 65332720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -58409328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 281000688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -129599968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 145063360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -50002928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -68940192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -180008576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 214129120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -142292320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 224712192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -335279504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 92365168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15117904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 222557888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -85702464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -106586000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 40063840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -98170784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 243432400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -47920336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -255516896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 281103440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -110712560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17106160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31696384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27516272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31795344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -226233840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 216373360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -56313584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -257658320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 146773840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -52042000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -112770160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 354568864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12876592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 296121456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -243093712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -45846160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 159812672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -127777936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 186989296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 101091472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -146551664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 197546544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -282869344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 92451728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 80005568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29733712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 61178800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -100379872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 40332032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 71728352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 128338832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -203151616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 63110224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 130285680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -213583056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -31110000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 46458560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 40081920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 58778192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -70959680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 73738176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -47922448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -26889584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 46414704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -62696096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 310723360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -320625392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 270776688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 190889200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 82105552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -249220128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 199569248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29624288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 40168832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -196783760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 98899520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -215837504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 418016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 104935408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29775632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 90439840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6577504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14945920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 92551600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -251361728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 80021920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -121399968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 96865440 bytes
