benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33568752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31753808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2791400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17109248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5542584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -723680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11880344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19197152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5548424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13956384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3870560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23373832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28650656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -728104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10811904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26564816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26538568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29652352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19170928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28596352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9730288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26559264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27588352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16049792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3866816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12908288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -724640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28636544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 39918176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26509120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26514144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3896944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5589304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1770912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21300096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1345936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14987632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 36993184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13969344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8692888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1774464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23396224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21292256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10784128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3500680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19201760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27559296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30711312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1356584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8713504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12936928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22374008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26546720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35976832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8726176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27308752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13936208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6612512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6612704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11860576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 322496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2399232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3893544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17106688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31756240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35949712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7671008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11860192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14982144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11856064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29666552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11828400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30738048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21278352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1361592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11837264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20230424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7635392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18131568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7683168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -715968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8715392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12642784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23362432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7664928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5574976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17105440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23358896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31778192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37000864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37016936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21290848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13970304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35953664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37038016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10802096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24410672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17072816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4510464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 323712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11886376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1769536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26519944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1796608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10782616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6618784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10788896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3842264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21325016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24399888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25462304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18133632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 40925680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25443328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26506784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29655456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29683240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29661152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27572208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26485272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29659832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26534080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20215008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32840544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31795136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2389456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5568352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23392704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11873440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27579424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5567104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12883640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4518912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19177504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29695488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29685504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10781808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5569216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15013728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10817856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7666848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14988744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30458328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8695352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1777056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4517952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1771776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3497456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22323144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2852304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3867680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1773024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12855880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12887104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19200896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16034448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3866432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18129016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3874712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27565056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 312400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1352856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13956864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13956480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20246688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14972304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1772256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12906656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5567872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17107680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21284128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20218432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23092496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27569920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28632320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20272672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19169888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17083024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22337576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13976256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21306048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13938176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10789952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20275856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18124832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20221648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21303136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24445920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12877472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35955512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4489824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17078152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19191320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14986752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18152896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13936032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17103360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19176272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5538480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3472960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31480264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17081376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19173408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13924848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26536416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9736144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12906848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15002848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9762080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12907904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5545752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6590400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15007392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1386432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15007008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11831192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35945968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14975424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17102208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22346464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20206864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32843712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21305408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25461184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20222304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12878192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26517976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20214208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2811936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32519424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17089456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9777248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8714976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4498320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 352496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15015264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12917728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4519680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22345952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27557456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6599376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30740480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32808480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23372160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17082288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19192464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9732464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17103360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22326432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3845408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15000800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18160320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17097952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18148904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16029488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18160704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19197656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33578000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9749584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8709760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13971984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18151712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8711720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16079224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18150208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13934976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18168888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19192904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16021120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8714624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13926496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3889232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7661760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18149312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23356200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15018880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9762464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8731704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1401344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12934744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13956672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16072984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20247616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23364032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19168048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20215504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37764936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16026608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5552200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21294400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17071776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28610512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19172432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25480352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7635392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28656000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25466128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10775840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28655688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20215328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18121440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35946064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10780160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -712256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3448432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10808224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19226200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18141280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25468432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12876432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38078944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12878272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5560256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16051040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25189376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11831376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23388672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24455104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21267144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10814912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17104672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23376936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1397056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25517136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28648160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7685832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17075200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6601048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19196096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37033312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3856736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3436160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4498968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16034152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17123016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24442648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28609456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30716968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25458128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26509040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21271184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38813456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23354832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23365232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21309376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25474192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24425616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24413728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23369784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23411232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27576864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24408592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23362992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6631520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22328016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22350208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7660096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1787032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -744560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37029088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28645504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21301080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1377728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21297760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2154912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31749648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27590720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29683240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23377904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30704464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25507424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30708144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11869024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30735776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26506504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26505744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30712912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25471368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30751264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26507504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21261824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1759296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2413368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29705096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27581512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27587144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33847776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30702384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31755808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34624960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23403328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21309376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3484448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9738912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38022712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -753008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26538144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20221744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25474192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24408592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24420120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24424432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23362992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25489840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22318896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26488448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10777024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27609192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27586088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25457328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27571344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 39868104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23404512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29655648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27582656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25458032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28613872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25457232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28600752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5551936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19199680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22315376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15013216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28638592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2388400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32809376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15008704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13955712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -715776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10810240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28640544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9708280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23374680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17087536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19183424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19183168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24410688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20250784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18131040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4512752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21295008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 40927216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7630832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8697928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22368184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22315696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18121472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8715104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2840976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2421600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22349504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25467024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1350176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2422176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17126528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18134848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3459864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3868704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7690904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4519904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16052864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13934040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6641912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8714784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -742944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11839968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28615160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38072128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13927008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -698432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21277416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13659072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8691568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12916640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27582816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8689984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3853600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7658304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29653856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2403920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16052704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2841152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3469216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9763936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16052704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 324224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8739688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16017488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37003328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19168928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33836032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18134848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21288912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17070736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38056336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14981664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25492864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26508080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13902584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34624912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24423808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38038880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 339680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17079296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 310376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21305056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3483296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29660912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2408672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18129016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31794848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1385696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17095400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3478208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7629216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11840112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19199360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13925968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22332176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19176592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25514208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23375952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26564704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24417832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11828976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25490720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 39933872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27562656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 294480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19203104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6615296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20242048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25469824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30710696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26531352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2397736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28637696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28607312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21283040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28607072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25504928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38086592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17071936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20241040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25461344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16036560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6639856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19200224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25476440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6598736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37003384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25500960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23376112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27270576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18129856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17076832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14980912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17100864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15007904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20246784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12876432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21278528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12884976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17103072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13933864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22329416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29654448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29652032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28615392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24428768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28602816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26507648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29659728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14987104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1349360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38051872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18162688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12881736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31524320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1374432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12895488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2401016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16052320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11852192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21322208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18163936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26531792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33854720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17111328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19183424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22345120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21244560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29679456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24387480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9760256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16070944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27579680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13901432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14983840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22352896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19168928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13986896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12917024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1773568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21243840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22329152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25184440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5601184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33873952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37038016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32824304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23405856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7664192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9763136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25486848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3877952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29675232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18167992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17100224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5557984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17092576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17071056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24454816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25490336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21309376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23413600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15002592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 323488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1352352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2447736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6615072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13962976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37018112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35985280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37038208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2431264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28309504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8663736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35971104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7649208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2401224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15029192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37005528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18126192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16048064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31782112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9762112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6617120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22342720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -754016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19205568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6589040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11884920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23392288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13927088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10836240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19224952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20215424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4488784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17127696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3454784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18149280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13921296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19178496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20229544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34634000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9735264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5541968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12906560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2424416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33847616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21304128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2448416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20215328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7679040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31778592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5540288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3418624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32800000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 36992864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35946944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2826400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12895408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34903712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19193960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12881952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11858464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26510200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3436032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16034504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8715136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15034184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11828640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23086112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10790392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25454928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14979264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32808992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17112000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20255968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16079904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21297856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 294560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4520448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20247840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32829936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23387208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14973088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6592568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33899920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37036768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10821120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18122384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22337488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3482560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3456288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23375616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10781360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33857304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23402048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38046096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 294560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1356760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2143264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8689488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9765120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14979504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25487072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5527600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26537088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27605536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22344264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21285408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22328464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25476144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24410992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16034680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28619920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25488936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24425616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22304080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19178096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26520472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27554320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34629728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24468736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23363912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27570576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25489280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29659152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3858112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20229448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31786816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22322992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18120272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24422344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6590920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25482480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26507280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23361952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24465536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25459264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26501232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21279320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27558976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25489984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25460304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22301424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28606512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26525920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25457584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24398496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24413808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28609872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38818200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23367552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27554736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26509440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13919488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18141392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4498848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19184664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19170608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24414776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25457504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20214704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10808280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22332440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12872992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10803552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19187592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16028456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26529032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25472944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21268800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26506560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25451424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26521680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25454384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28618832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11841896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21286152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22317536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4486224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38822320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25494336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26506160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21264240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23361552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18133312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17082840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13934752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17092728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27572912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23376144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28607952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21283040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14972224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13947176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25498304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21301320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22340184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34946624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16031272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1800768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10782056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17074744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17083960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20258904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33847312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5602272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11821856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27571680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34916144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8427888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34953888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13922752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35976704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7659328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11845424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35947208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3468808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13935856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11867232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34904560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3881168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25489568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33882496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3859328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8696992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11859776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34930784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9751552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14986456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8669008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26517272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31718360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19159952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19164768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11831696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28619264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -768016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35947296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25182952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1371568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35950584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20268576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5569512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24423640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13933568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23355792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2404352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31755368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17063840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26522432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4525952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18126960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4491664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32806352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29682856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17076720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5538160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8678688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6620576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34883168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31780888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12912224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37029280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2411432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4499552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -740424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25492928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35984768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11558432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6590336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37000624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3444048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16036792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25471688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8685888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26541792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27554160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25459408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27560336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26523456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26502080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34895072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -722768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38049672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -727256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29649248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 301600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -741688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 331168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -722432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37000656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29682856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33881024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17115456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11843392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3865280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2819776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26241368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3864416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7639352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3909152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31746880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21261600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13922448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31779744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38064248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20224608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12903088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1782432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3490696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38058824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3897984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -742336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27584576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17073456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18133328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17084688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35945744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30712744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6584656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29652816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6624576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19170488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12904056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36998568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33857680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22350776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3171408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2393632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18125256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32795536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2825640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26509640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22348928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5546832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20223552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11883904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22316480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 290800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22340928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12876032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16061056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1392504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19193664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24447400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -725320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2832152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38028496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18116352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10800704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1344696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -739632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3449536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3889616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35979840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7641960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18138576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28360400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38055136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28614448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9785856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24412400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31746800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3868576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12880000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 37008752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4514744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24435584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32793616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23365952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6588736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2833560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31758712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8687280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7652464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11846504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10790448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1361008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5550120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8695088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26537344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17055856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3893344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15025032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25475560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11865456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28606792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20281248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8691488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21294016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10806432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1750416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19179176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7668960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24446752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9760832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6594704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7667616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24403168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35976248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8712640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23416760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26512880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25468344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35974488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10828864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2448752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6647136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15007232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37002032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9741264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3859296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1353320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28638816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6602976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13666816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14988464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26560304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 303920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 302928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24441856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3859608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30709184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11819136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2453872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3492776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28635296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26506384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19175832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22326160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2396672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3474368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8715776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18130512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25468704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18171488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1797408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17065216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12893464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26538144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24403968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26541312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27547936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9746416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17101824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35699456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19181328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23373536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23373392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24414848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27564088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25476376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27570256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24409552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26516400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23369696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26500720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28613552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32832384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27589600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38055856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20249896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29699104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19165632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17084160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7644336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37771864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4522344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22337664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12907104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33863696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -706240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4541872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5553200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7651144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34901240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31800000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4484144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9747272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38038736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29651648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21281904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2397760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2400048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 310880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22317272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16059456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17077824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4484384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22350816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26525664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23357472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32836008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13976320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17114496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32789544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1066936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35994400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19199936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23370688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13935440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35954336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4526216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19200192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38092320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3460432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3460360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19189880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20223904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4486544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31769040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -758496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4509200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3848504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33850432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11862200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16049952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1345840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -736056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2804608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19196064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4505568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32804176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16022160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26561760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22339392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34617904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18119792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17083872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38036736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19171488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38086016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21290992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30740000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 313488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7633424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31766224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9728224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6599696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19184192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5567456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11841192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23417280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13978816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6589424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17103936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21263360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26510400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1789264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24429240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28623720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18129920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13921968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1754528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24407488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16017600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27290992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31806304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1348832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24440480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2397176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26534208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28619392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 37005520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19184984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6593208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10782936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33886336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7683328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8702976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13979304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4527840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21311680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13927808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12896752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18140160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19184568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16028456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2436928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24465544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18131632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17081168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3906400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19195248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2796832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12899920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34632592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25512864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11825216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8696232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5570848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16037144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2829776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10832536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35983200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -743696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 314456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16049600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5583904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2444512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7652464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8723104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8722432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25487904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21260560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27559296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24402848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10809184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20251968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3831296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21273624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -744736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25471040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24406288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7630304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22338656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 39868520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20219664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4497344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8729728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1801912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3468000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32791376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12914560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5578624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14992496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19185656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19157168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4539040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28612984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21260560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26544728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21294560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32851552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -744976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35974048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28662176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -758816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5558392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11847912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22333408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29676080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1355432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7408544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17130176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11839424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23389248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1354384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22344296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16076800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24423968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5558464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10821312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1771632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24427040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29699648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32828912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35978072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19209056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26519008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27584096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23397408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25472672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26523488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11837504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25493456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27564944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23370320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26530992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32853920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2869728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26524288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14972032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38809000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25462352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25473488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24418400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24423872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24419120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26530176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20215232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24424176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25471392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24423056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25471712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18131360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25465728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23432384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21278128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23371600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24423136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26526912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26520288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25466992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19180176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26522080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26489360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21278848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31527280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28627440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25516288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24423056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28605280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27570064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28618880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27616992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21275008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29666896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26493360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28624544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28631456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28615600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20242272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24443176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27569792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18128808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24426560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26524768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25471712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20239456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25467632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22328704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26509488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18101712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25483872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25474752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470256 bytes
