benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 127935024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 208042928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -192632656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -117145440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 251981104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -217827632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 207923520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -54223824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -127603216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 103029856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 132186880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -91880384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 199548560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -14369888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -249274864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 109351600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -22799872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19154896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -37406592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 193234256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 182475680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -89762160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 126127312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -238766192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 266624016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -12265648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -115066144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17096496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29638048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -50037504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 119477840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -72960128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -20649104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 344262352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 155525456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -33263136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -26991792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 205825536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -312166032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 264533936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 52481920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 178654976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -16431072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 52708352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19149920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -211521248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 226793936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -133938960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -50007632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -94095424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 79713968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -12145488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 254067344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -259726272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25438944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 260353280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -16512368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -91975808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -152753632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -131865152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29371392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 331723984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 121952144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21296000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 165979872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -20712320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -305855184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 304360864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -303775104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 277095600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 344401584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -326720096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 189017616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -52115936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -108734208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12888240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 176473504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -98283168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 138712768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -110866816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 249599200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31873456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -265983936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -37456896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21254928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 230993728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -173775360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -16462480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 174340304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -194759280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -8405904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 161870784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 147131936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -68898384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -87807712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -138089952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 268714576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -291229472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 86256080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -39551328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 352363168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -289016672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 42254240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 126112592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 100956208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -180040048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 42216784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -142289408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -54234096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 254041888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 268417040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -238617472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 113561104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 149177296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -217762272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -104588080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 65328416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 214189296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -125541440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -98275280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 58839760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 216419072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -219873664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 298093232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -299561024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 58996288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -89859120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 287600816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3890208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -20688448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27601120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 203843808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -54219824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -33210144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 40128592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -152802000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 228893776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 44349104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -177983104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -31200816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 136309888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 176573920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -56280176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -92019888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -106642960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 67413104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -31166672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 174378096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -94092368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38027760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -5999008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 319209024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -282791936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -50045712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 241461616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 42256832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -144428320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -87784016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 237258400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -146481536 bytes
