benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 195629024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -6850336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -111862944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -57392256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 129186976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -81453872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -77189072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 183694048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -59373600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -117158256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29005168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 137812464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -34387824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -66780016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -45948832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -13239424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 42142512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14984272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 39142816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -54188048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 153764864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -59288096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -82563952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 71585152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -72020096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 53751280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 89321472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -25777008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20123168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -113916448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 162171872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -25846080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3365936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10797616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4510896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -147482560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 94544048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -90917520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 134605216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -160243168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 151612352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -68795584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -86754704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 124138336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 49533248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -172787792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 51755296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 46375568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -27964768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -35409536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 146430544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -76106112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 70520416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -34218304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -124512736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 155465904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -157006720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28588720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 62203552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12901680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 94015952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -28916960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -78424464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 114537920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 39230416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -16558128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10714192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13953024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -165416704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37001856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 93884448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 45572048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -53214640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12887808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29679264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -144412160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 105124512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8655408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -53184272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 62185184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 49869248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -16307712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 57958048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 44352864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -130823952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 103139360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -42823024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31809120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18072320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -108799072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 153692464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 184008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 84223216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -61602032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7708496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 117734944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -41698528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -130815632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 68440544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 97795584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 200941376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -17412592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -62721824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -101442752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1761952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1345696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -46838512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 48432016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25512976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -81465392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 106587456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -95095296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 75770368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -39531056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30773456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 76744752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 102949608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -77402592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -28929312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 60961056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 167362368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -42611616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -7005184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 69498416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -71069088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -113998656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 183829456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -219929344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 211034368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -197850336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 44593632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -627632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34871520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 44457040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -11354768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -94028080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 76891088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -87917136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 87340464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 45471584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11061808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 129469056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1749376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -140315888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 62146224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35993056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 68469616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -46922832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10845680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -81527168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 135855136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -150615952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2802016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 91495328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 107309584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -78420992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -68967360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 103123424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -796640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -6030320 bytes
