benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23084448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18159040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20223792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20207936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13935456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20215568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18139680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21282984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22333984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6560680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16023200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21282336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22325104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25469552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1346144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23420712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32849568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6627488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22345088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17073536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21284544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25461344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38834288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14972944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23392840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21310624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24413936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18154176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25484360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18100848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26506784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21276384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23398400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23406528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22330416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8727424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30708448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34916096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17101216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18128664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27591072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1373448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21277408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17095752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7346976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34882160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10782400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34960392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17094344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34946720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2808160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3499512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9729568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9742256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30736192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11826480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3488864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32839040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2393472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38049232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20218464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1790024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30711840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29688000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14964704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30715712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24401808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29697984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13969248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27579840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13953472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17121120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19172816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 41995216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3478872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28616800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20262336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26561248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 307824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3470816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5543112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 36995328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30717440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22324992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16049288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34902624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38044096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10787024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26503904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32804640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10781088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22346528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38085760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 337856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1795344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5536224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8727712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18119216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26538336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -728104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28648352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1341216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30710048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12601856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1352320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4516824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13957088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2401464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7644872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29651176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14972384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21277504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10824480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2402432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3450568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31753408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27561240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21292168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2430688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8693448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9742728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5548160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10790600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 295168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2403576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26516544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1770368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28613696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12912448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1792312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3889024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 36990856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11855072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17875096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33905312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2802496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6604472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8682992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25459168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33875256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38069824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28648736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34953312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26534872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8712256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13944504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13926736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25458128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3457776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -751720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7634576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3442848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34896432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20216544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15014080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5553440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26508688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13928832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4497560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35945728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1387680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -750224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28613696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22035600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4512928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26507504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 292224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38042000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6582560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34917296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17106848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16071776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 313696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27598752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6619456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6594592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32801184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 36995808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34922600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 319592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7653816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9766752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10782768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34904272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38043136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38084768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29681656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38048480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 36999520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17098128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -756656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19932680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6566728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3483104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23358736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9747296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37001728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2825080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33851280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7658304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29655776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5540480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17078864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5542240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10792184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20225392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32811664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33860384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3480256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18132216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27602080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4534272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -741008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1346664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27559296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4521440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3440112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8694120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2842680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20195912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12585088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27620984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12911840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35943968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3465320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8691744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -742272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28601936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32804208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8722656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9740320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16034976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9741376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5534944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35942848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 319592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31751664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3867680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33842256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12878192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31757520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37003416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32797504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12931296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2401168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1784656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24409472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11836640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17051048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32560552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32807376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18119152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33880832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2437216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7654168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1373760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18120896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33877312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10825728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35952688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1389792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12900672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10810944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3859552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10786064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30709888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14972304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3480544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3886384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3469280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7673696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17096608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6599056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17082992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28654112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2838208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3450360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28581776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7663872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17934624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19169112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12872400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11865280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19186336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7634480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38049040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28607152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4495904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1366144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26517904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17072000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31791296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6578984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6626176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31753424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17104352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1340976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4500112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26513744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14978328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34896448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8707760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28605792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35954840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30704944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1792112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31758768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26545536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3451184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33558368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18166496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2437216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2827280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30709808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1374176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1761760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6589360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25465728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3486944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16018848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32841504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34933056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24413648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27582656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9759680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20225952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35963288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13971552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34928672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37020896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7659624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27557216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2424640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22319040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10806496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -764016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6616640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14981408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20224048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18881080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1813456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2820328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28634240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1791200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1358432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35944688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32801776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32811808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3855200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4521664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37001968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11826320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -741920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17074952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4534752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30706672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35955984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 312584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6598936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -742360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 305864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22316144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19193960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27577112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31780304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33859328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 339008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27556480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -723200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4206056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22351136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10804288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3442256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38073728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22359520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4512928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -728704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1352856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8718816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5592800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34901952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11828736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25459184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22329376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35972320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20243680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3482048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3454704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30714656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27581888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10786344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38022568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4531872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3442320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2403840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11832424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33853536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35990688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35663296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2808256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 36999512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38079168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -709952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2800760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1401864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35954720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3855584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 318448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38053456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21309568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18146264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 36984800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14986464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32831712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34927232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27559216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30703824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37007824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17125696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24476712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27577464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20248192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29683152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3472352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9701288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16022704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6289928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36972784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9718944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6583616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9731472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29684576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12893352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30740320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2433664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24452512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35947104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26513520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34934680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8682208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7633312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10783184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34929664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 296320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4495744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26510288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22347936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26526456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35974608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33849792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16054144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24442560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1397152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24390504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9790976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14974272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33555288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10798160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36994368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 319240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18119280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6592256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3448280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9730192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17070704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1805264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6580016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32801264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25471448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13936232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34896448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33865136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23388384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35986144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2415424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19207520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 291200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18119280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16047584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -728192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3448192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26481032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31779104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3842912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28606240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36007680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11524528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26569640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -711968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1769216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2376592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 303168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 303784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32776232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2416744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13948120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32786256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35959056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33847072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25461184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31785440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20205024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3847296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15993904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10781168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1815712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17057456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6623656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36994448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8682256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8691072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15999952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3449160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20227752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3472152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18136232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9425544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3840160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12939528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16028080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3856672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -753296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8690776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11828640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5554496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10779184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9731248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38041840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28602480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10789192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33845632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3450360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11891472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11841928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30702848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12916928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26497280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15025344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13935768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33851360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25472504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 291168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7665408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14730120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3476640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 320960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1347576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28603776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17126176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30739040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17073312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3843616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5546880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21264864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1379904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16033856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10784704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29624592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2420864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10779120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3892160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4499024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28604576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2404752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1382432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17077920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34952064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1395136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2840888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7645104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33853376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23382160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38057704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15766592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2380912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6583696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14989128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 36992144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18144328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16020384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2826136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12887312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16023200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8690176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10780144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3927680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1378528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5536128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1767584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9736848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6606680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31728592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18155296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8682576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14968832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29653312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6614848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11838616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30701888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2421792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9497768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24473280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34907664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35958264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25461184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7677888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25437568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10808320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30702944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -705128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3448336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5575968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3461568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16029344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3870720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13929792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20223472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3469600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -721728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38050864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3847744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16061440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32833440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18164800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2843728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29662256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11856416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5567904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30688368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3487408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24128448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2808064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2838848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7655008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32807104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18143976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10780160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22292920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10839360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5548040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28612080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -746976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4520288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38049504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4533408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13952640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3900240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32840928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18151072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24440592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13940104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28603952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37024320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4513896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1763200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23356032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1374384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1780992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9717136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5542848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27283280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27568016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12904928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17102048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -728192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15003456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11857056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18098256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30749448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8713888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33856176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5535520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21268160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24415568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18168096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4527168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1384800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27535512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26537792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -724352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2417736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30679728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21295200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12916736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2858240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33854976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5588768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 36993984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11852696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35924552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12607328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38099320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2844880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26508544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 339104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2401432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7672160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 36991504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35950704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7658568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38040144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3465320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13932272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30708448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34905384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -752512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13931232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27563920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23397472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37042720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34898368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4513632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3892224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8694384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5550360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2874712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6589104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24410752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1342720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2084944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29717096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29666080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -724384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3453880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3893368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2416064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33845616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26532936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 324480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17079600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30752320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21294048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12903384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24409168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1758048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6598728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6599432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4521696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1786464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3848320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24455008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2438368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2833232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 304192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27555360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35939248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30725832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2846528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34651168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3832256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8689456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34894192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2417624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3869144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7635472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29651968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34929888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27602080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20248320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34939232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9756776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34904352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32799456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11861856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8691480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35943160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1773224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2800760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2819392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 326336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1375648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1769120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2820736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6619584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 318912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4521856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19962912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1345056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2415216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6613856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 312256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38047056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35948704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -718512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -757776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30699504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28651616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34937120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21275472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24436456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20245320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18141920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10774512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25461064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19166288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27565080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38059288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1794344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3435568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34886256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21301320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35982176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33883088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33858208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14984456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24430472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33608168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33869648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3448976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12897192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28644704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10767760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4486144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18113232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21310944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2841688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -754416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4492624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20210944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2814784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35993760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16020560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31754752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30701504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11832976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25458944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5554400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17070176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23417728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 309320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13923408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 321600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3924064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20242856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2796832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1769984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2104720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 293440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 36996640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3477552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34893008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35956416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31760968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31773496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10779680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28600592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7682624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34892848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9729744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22310576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24415920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2840632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27557136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6580208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28602352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33903008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35947528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24414608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1803472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8686048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28600592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1789632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35941424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28607632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -742416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2394328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12653376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30746208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4501864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3448624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38042080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25444944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12889768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7673184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23356336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3453288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1382048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32793680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31762728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37011624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5547272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14981176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13925704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35955864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22325544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33860848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -695936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 304016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17106336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5544880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20204064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32828584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32839968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3894144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2792920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1376928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18911872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4497344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1768224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3866784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3449856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5548480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4502368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 303840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3461768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -724064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1355584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1376128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -715680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2405976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2448984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3468128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3451152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -725312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 335360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3857696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 323264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31755016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -768576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37004176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32831664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1816832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33851024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2825288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1743344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34906144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38797976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32801376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31778776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26519968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5541200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2407264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24426392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16055648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2396592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7636096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26521608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10791208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12874672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3862368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28660448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24437688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20222304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29665312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21305344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31802048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9729488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6627008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18129808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1797888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7673760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3453408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22327952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9729744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8697488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16035176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32534880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22338240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10819080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23413328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17098064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3453200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7653520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14998400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16042216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14993376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1808112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21270752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8680448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27595360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20227072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29690848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 305272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32834424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4484864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33856536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1805312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2427040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2849344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7635008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36996456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 37029960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4487168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31780512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2841920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21067664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6641952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28592320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4484864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12927464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33882208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4514920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4508144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31778112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11823376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9750760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2410464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11839552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6596144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2431136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4519200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2432640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1784984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7653520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26529064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10800480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6631424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2402632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9762048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12915200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4529792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6625696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3490384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10830936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4501544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18887760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5540080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21270192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 337248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6596144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24414424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4504568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2411960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21295808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5534320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8702184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24436544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32785216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8677648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20220120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6581856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 314368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25461768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11841456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7654752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30705088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10785576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9753136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26510520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6613856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 316656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30705880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11835208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7654576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17073600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13670976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3454048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1740016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3465824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1369824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1774464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3468416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1771776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3870560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18128808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4489664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 323744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 322784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2442640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3848504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8695888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4523584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10809504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4520640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9763712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2426720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8713600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8714944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8714624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8714432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20986136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34915144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7683136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6644432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28612488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5553432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2450336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28613808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38055936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10800272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25468488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9724224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1376608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25470984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9744464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11845152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24447040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3447648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5587848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22324816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6590576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24421968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 301992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7685000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4525728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7666560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27569016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7624992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18927216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32833600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33898400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4498304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3471744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6614240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 353080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3476160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6617984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5589720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4519296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5561984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4517184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9792864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8713216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 326624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4521376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9762560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5569504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8733056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2426432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3843784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3449592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7667104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15762712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9733264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6606352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38066688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7660384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11858656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37008224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6603840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4505592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30718088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10770000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11849936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27572800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9721424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25455824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1794840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14963744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2400928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5590976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33884192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29681920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17067056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31790600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22359968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6633728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35964488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31784160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33850464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7642400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35966480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5282256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20271136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35982528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34905992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37042592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7665760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3867584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16054496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2444200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3493296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8715424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11860864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9764000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18137080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22338912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12868512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3848608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6594704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4508056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12923072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17090528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5574944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18139016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17085368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38044736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -752816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8702976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33866456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20215664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18129296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18889216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23373136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21281584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2851808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22344416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16034000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37023680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20266816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20235008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23412640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19183048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18125608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32816960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20210944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18122992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3874496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20248096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21251248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37037440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23361952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21320192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9730464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23379256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19196744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20248768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23364912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13946272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21279816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23363312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24138792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20233664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22301616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12875472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17104032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18136344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13920240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21317840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10775520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19187064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17083312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20234464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18130592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17065488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24419352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21274880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18117952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19179200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2389872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20269160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9733584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21283688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19166288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1794512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2438080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21285096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35970792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19167008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32541072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10790680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16037936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17102336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5554400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19184512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19171720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38046824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14970176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16041072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35976064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11853720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19187328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38070320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17082896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14982168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31746912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20256768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34933824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15010392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18140160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2403128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20236168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13934208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9749616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22333144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18117952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18158144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6598488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36718032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3438848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20233936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8681488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20229216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21292832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22312256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19176288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20270656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16022880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22350272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16027520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14993640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16039664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10791768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11879240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13963200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2415712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16049888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17109504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1795896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7684520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17122328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36990160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25182704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16035072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4497728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17110272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10814496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2432704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10815936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19210304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3888016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9761384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19204544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37004608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21277568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16024688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34920992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16063232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13966272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33846416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16033968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20258880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38102560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21275488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10791648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38055648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13933680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12914240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12911744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19209824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17082224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11847392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27278192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10793248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2842480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19195488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18142144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2414816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18152456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18133984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4509024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15006016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17103616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11863168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17131264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16038048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1360392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18154912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17098528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21292832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17067280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17107104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21270368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13937376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19207040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11848928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12908256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21303808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18130320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8702848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19214176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19177520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15771024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22312480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14980992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18133824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20226880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17082224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11841440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19201568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18146816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7644352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18148848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13946976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3884952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19222808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19175440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32839392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21289600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18130640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32811584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17082064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11847200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37016032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37015712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13947072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1355992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18135144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14998976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9772640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16038960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17112768 bytes
