benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6315352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11834256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11880240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11858504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9759584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10813728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6617408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15029024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16054784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11860192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16053632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13957632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11888080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37004176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13954368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13957344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8741976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3472832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15005440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17102304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13937528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15006208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16057216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15032104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15005632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16053536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30454128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16032800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15001312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11860800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7650848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13956864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11858080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10810656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11859712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11858080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12906656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12904640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3900880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2841712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8690688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38050464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35990304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6586016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33860296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27546960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24425512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2815488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35963328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37038976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7634832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10800952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2112032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5547584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30749568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3897936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9744456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16082136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35977824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2411936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30746176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28617680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33853632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16049112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16051576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4525696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5570464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2818336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -750016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23365680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11861024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4550504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3839352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34901448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7634592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10840192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7666176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12936928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25195248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9733104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8697928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9758432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11860672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8707520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11860384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34903504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8723968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12906656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13957344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2423296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8739688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11861280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13983632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6641872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5574976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15030752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18152160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7645720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13982176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15005440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8713216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6619584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9763328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38021632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19168768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27599776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10781808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25189952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7608320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7661184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4494888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5588784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22319712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22325024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21311872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11872192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4500728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 36990592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3915120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12902504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24442144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14982936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4519488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16054496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9790552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10813088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12907808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25491904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4487728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23360976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33893248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5537440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1391040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1772160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10810656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12884336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32814560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31527552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1770368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38036880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19212224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9739792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27556320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6592160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2820640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33853224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35975424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17084984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22328360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -721328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15005440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9762176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23395072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29699232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24436488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29665584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25467632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26522240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25457168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28607072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24442648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31751840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29664704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31759168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24423232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12906048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 36697944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1347856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16050272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34897472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4514952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7638000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13960640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6581536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31755984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29714328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1384384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9734224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1340960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13902144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8743168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7649312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2431968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 324992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 354016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -721888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35954720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15015424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1375296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22318800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15016128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3856192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19213088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1802832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8715392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -723584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 40907600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28645536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27585648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20222384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18121072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24436576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26554208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27559776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6600688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24444576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27559536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27572296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24439744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27595776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28605696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24409632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23361856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27550720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28620784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5565992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1744448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 329056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20248800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4490864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37004616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34923832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29402896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16066560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14984080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12872200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20225024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17110528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19202496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7632176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22324496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21310240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20253728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38066568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18145032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19167648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17098944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18124752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9729088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17085048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19173872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18123280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17072576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17075424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17076176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21300816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20260800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6633920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12897728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12885168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17080352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20990960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17084520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19205600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26541248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14984464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19191408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6586096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2421728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35977312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1369048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 316424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32806000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26512664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33847680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29694208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37001760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35952928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27580984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9779744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28648064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26514464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19172272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24419680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37038976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25502336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28610912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24429032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24426488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 40917432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25464832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26514984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17070736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22324992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17051120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25489112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22320160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21267008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25461184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29655488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25485504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26552256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9729008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14991232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23373744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -754016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16079016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15024512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15030440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8712736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6636008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3851104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5588264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7685416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11878888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1771680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20213344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8683168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6306096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2432672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11863680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1786952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7663392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32813688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13968192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24441184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11828656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24462944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11827856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33859944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3482144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1402840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28635776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22357088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20226768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2851168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14982144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3846008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8741832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13975728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1382080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28618560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16040160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11877536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16074440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17131584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11839408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15014816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24115760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3457488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1772984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 322496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1770528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8712544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38049616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11828896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2820832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11858080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9758912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16051752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18130688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6595384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8692432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11858080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19180408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8703696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29666960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 320736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27290528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11888864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16037960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7662432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17104576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12885696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13955328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10796576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9756864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 15006208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 15006208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30682536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16032568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25513328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20250080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1757888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13940728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1806048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 303136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17103840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11828560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23384160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20220304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22325904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20262048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34929312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1760256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33859240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11870368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34623552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16023600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13951584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19197728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35988768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16022160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5568448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12906848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -701944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35980640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1388640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17080352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 323112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35949584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7634352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3853120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7656808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 326144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8714752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3847256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29663264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 15005024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11860480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 323744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29663264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3488192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37022560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17117472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28308752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15012736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4487376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16061408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4498704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13933392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12898104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17109120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37009920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16022160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11830840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2403544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38074432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19191760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30703152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4512048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30706088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23373760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2789632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3833408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10802008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2427232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38054456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9731744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3844448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2422176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5568192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3469792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13956032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16054432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18896848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32833600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15015328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16074856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16080968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10836240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18153472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12901712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17101440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14990880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25494720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23367696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31766336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24407648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22357664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2856448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26526896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4486512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29653536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32830208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37039456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20241392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32795776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11859936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17106624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2832736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1376000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1354968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24426896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19175600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28343056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2376744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2398352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29631152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19227968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17066064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23351392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5538480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21295744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26488664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10785728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8718688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12907136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17107680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18129312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5536720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32809288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23359072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10780320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4518368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13978952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10811744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6621248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4544136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3836424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28604032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30716624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1788264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5566944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26235832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31797152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7669120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -724832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2821984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23369608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1751072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6595384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12887192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11859616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9762080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7666880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20246688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16034464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19185184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14987952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17103072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2408672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6619264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14981296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15003808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15003808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2800240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15004960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20232152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1743032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37006376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8409760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4476864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24408528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22311200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10823616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24440896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24449760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10780240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -745352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8713504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15003808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14983200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13940784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10807392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10810752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1772256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29664144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9728288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8713216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13981216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2442848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2819872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2821984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32817296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5561416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3869696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26516656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5542584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5280800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17084816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14978544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17100864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11837768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13953984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17102304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14988624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16073608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12907808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20248800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17070496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19190440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19181816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17072576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19176192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18130456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9755368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18150688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18129224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14980912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15007872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16074128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18132912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16047088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9782984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17102112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17080736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26243200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11830256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18135640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16037696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17127696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17065272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12892144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15030960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16078224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16060128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12906528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12933848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16079224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17079320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12891968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16076832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18149312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13951168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16078744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8740544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13955104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18168096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13957984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13962688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13961472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15003584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16052160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12933392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31782304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12880736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31496960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18157936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12904352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18156992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4509472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11884920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9779696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13934560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13934208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6642040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16079224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8739544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17079936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16052608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17127800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15006912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18129568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19196336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17070736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17086272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10800864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18155936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20226904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16020080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14982784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18176376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14993632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17079936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18142688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13952928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28334456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13967232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16075168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9741048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11886520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10817248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11859904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16051200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12934888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17130752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14989120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15012416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6642392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14987392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13984712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17080200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2836672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5568256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15006592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17130232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13941512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15006496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20250624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18121312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12891088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19206816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16023920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19227280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19189384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17072496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30432024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19206400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18130248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17089712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13936384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11870336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18133624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18144240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13949672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16053536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20230592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13916208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13935240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16054784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15003808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16079952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16053536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16053536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15005056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17101824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18135200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17094608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33576536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18138192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14975424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19226408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20239584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16022880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18153312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13949848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16054496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19200672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17118176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17079208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13977536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16054784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10813152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16054944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19201472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17085048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16041488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17102112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13954600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17104544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20222440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18145384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17097512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31516960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2839488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9757184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2419648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1751352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1773504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8741064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31748624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17080472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6584816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21280024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38086592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33894496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18144240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5534144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1370304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29684608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 313760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7669376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10804864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11833280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19146320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24447584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17069360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30709728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16033184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38044448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29386416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27590176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 32815264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22340536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29675728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25468720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7647472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23385680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28643376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38061784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 36994800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6620992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7682688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18168160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26502400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28639856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9778208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -749344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34883728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8690360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6587576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12907488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7642696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22335256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25457984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23376192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25500728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25459264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25458784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25460304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27297376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17097040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16020400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13958304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19186272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17066896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16027400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13957344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4506648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18132568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17082752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18136344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 301752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14987040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13939320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16044416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20248512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16025920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18138224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16060320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17102784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13938960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16054208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19187856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18123320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10790128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13940464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21290272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17068096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17084688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 36713968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3441968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25476640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23365472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19167088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27561648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26526096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25458624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23358752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23389696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28604272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19185888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23358352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25455504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27555696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24404848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27555696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26521872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27546128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28599552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16036112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26529448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26487040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24405888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26505920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28597584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26521872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38822232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23382336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27612320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25436840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22329744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14980224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27570656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25465984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22340624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25464944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8696448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24445504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22320504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24414608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26513720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21321440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25464224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25467552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25456064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24418848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 36719912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23367232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25465528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25514976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3848784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25469424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25473024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21273760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10795672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23391936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20245672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16078944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1344896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26545088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9734128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24422760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14979768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19197632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24412208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 15007840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24440992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25463184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23365952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25514496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 40914920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25469984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21271120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17098328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23379224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19172768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24422640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23395040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23417344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24441120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24415472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23370664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8716088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24422056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24443200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3469280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21276328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27559296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26524688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35678144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21267120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21268800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21262240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18118192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12884664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21285272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25495976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19169648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24419264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22331328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19165488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20221616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21268720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23386032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22299584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24408368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21269928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27553696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22299776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27554656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24396928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26506160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27542656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18134232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25469776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28607552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25453824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36730672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30709048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23396184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22316336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19165088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22318768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26507280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24409248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23364792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23378408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21320192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20214384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21263680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25456944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23417728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22354208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22311536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17067936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22327568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21262240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25456944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19189392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26511928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34917376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24438480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21294848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20214624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19167328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8678368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38823120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27558576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29654368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25471360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26510640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21278616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23360992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25484064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27577520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29667600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27550976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22309856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27554736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26518792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26493840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30757664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27562440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24421728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25462208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19171008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25463352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29644320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25455664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25462464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23364672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23402784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29690280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24421288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26513336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25471072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 112160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7670400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25492544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27555280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30719256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24424872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26521680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29667408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25457088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25473104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28613552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26523456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28661856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29651392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35943968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35953504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19177408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22327104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28613296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29651392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26521520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30699968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30718792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24408512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29662128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27570360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22312080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18886968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16037120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31785920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29664208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30715824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30700928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30718616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38096928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29664128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33847856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27565936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31749664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28603856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32816408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37034240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33877312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25479280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33857472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26556352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34895232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28613472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26499280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29660976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31748544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31788128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29665552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34901952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32807856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32807936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33896288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 43328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8698696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28639968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25514976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24417872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28608912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28620784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28612256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29651392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32814032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27584736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26505664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31748544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26523960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27550336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30718728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28602816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27573528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29671736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30700048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27548976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20232000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27564976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28603856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29670680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27561120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31778144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31763320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32797920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 41104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11847384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31772176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31749760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27570216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20227336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25475808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31771184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28634880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26518792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25482624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28603072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26518792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29645408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23353952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29651568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28634592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30696704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29647888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30695664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32839680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37005520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27584472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27550736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29653728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32810248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32815920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30717728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31745440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30715856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 45632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6604504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28649984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29665312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34905024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27582272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23376232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33872672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25474848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26529504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28626336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32792816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28653984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25450064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27558656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4539520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31806928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31769184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35953336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31800864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33863696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31769424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31750880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32796016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30739296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29652688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32794656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33874608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3888856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12903840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6322856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7669792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33911360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29679072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34887248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31785848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32828608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30736656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32794816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31769344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28599552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3904224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29687808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32793856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32801856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 36990320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27570072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30714152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11855360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32825152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31749840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33866808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25486264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30717728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33853104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21267600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29652048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30696704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37014000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34953152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38813512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24436448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21273624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23359952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26545792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22307056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22305936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27559376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23352512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25469424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18123232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26513632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25502224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28607872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27570536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29645728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26524952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29665728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26497200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27559656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28622104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26524952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27551248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22330648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30699824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30736544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26502320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3201248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8692152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29708736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33861464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29682152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20211024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28608992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27599288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32794656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32809696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29653008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24400048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27592480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29645728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18114752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31782336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28646048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29648848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29645648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32814032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16072704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26550048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30697424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23369368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32813376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29701600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29671648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30699504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28625336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29670680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 39889184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25458384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22303856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23354112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25509408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27570096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21254400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24421568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25467664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25472944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25473104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27559376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25452784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19165808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25478200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27559136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28594352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27540176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29642928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28598512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31742880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25458576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27559136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28597152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27546736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26516856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27550096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26521960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 40929456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26525824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29662016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29663056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28638272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27538096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30709952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24474624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26513648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28622304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30749720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30719744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27571904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25494656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27565504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30721376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18137600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29677408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32813184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31808128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30715328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6603648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28648352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31765408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22336736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29654976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31733360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27564624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28640384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 41956072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30705152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28665376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25483832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28605200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23387520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26504704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28584880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13931216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31786208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30726856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29661296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29678176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29688864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28645288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27595536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31758368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22311104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29699760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32806944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28617360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30708272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28595072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29661296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28640384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32834688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22324944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33864800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29665136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30726176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 41966680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26524128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27565088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29662976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27563664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28640384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24446272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25477472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25474592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23374320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28615520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29658976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23386720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26521328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31743200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29667296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26517568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29658496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19174736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27571904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27562704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25486304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30713296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31770816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30725536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26525440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25479936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22336608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27569984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30678648 bytes
