benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28344800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23409216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22328464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21285408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19168848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23377040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22358144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22371360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22324112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22316544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18129520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22352064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19169728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25471368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22321120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25461248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24418096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22328624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38820328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27542208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27561584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26519824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21264704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28606912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1773864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23393952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28620784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27571240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28634664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26505744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29704512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29679360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29679808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23360640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26556960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22311440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27562960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28634664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27554320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24440360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22320576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26487584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27564968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20222304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35680976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22340656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25508384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23352656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23411232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32841408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28632552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29651472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28631232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24440360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25458128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20221744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27576864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27600448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23391784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22318832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21271504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23365216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22321520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18109776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24418672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 39864704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28605232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29658992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25486560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27573504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24438208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28607920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27557360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20217392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26511760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29659952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29633024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27572912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27559984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27578168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29657216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27583712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29654512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24414256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27558576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24389496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23375272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27562320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29660896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27583712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25446784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24425168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25461504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33873672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 40912744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28605392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26533992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28612320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28605840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23376936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28660224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28608320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28623072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25477256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25464784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22318920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27556496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28635456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26550144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26505744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29652512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23392576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22363328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25461424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29655488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26523632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30701008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29672768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26535136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26515168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31729456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25497312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27562336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 39873120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25443328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27555360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27555376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28602896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12891176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25515368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27571536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25486688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27556496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27586088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33857568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29693664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28631232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34927232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27556480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25457168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28605072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26522664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27562576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26506784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29659728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28602896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27571240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25457168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23376512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29655488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19164176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30703184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30715656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37784768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21308512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28600576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29683240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24408592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24408672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29660192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29653232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31758920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16027504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24444928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26515248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28606016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21263584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28644608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26513264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29653392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30729440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25472688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32805216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30703984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32815736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23406240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31799840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29667872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31797120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30738944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29652672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31750544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31507592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32853952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9747416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26538144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25461584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25467728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24412768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28609288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17102616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24425512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23374712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26557632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23369376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29708608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24436928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31756320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23399968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27570496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25487648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25461184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30710528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28621520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28603616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28619816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27560304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26526008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 52144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6600840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28637152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27605184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27562016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30700848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21288648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31758128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26507424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31751264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28619296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30702128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27576936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27589432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27604224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22329328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23367712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22368576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26513440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25464912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21267040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19171136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21278384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 36712728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32834208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17085248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26537512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21270480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21268048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26509200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25464648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26514304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27560880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25477344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25465184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23368032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17078080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25483040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24425088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26509760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27561800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24440360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25480064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25483216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23372600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26515824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23367136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24467552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 41966080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34886688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26551008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23368016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27559296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25475056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26522400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28608192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26524424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25467992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27562336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23377992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30710624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26530208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25465440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26498160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28635200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24428768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25462144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31753840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29662576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30710272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28612656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26514464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29659792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28611616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30746048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28655008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29669360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 41966360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26534368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28593808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27611456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23361776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29657488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28614416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24388264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27565680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29669360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27572032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30709248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30710048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26522232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26566336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22319696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26509760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26514104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26506704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24416688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26540352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24408592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25454496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25460304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27556496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26512304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25467024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25460544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25464784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1102800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31778456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28606032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23359936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26552256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27570016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28603776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23418784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27558576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28634664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25488936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25474192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28610592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26505744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24409472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28662912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30705264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28603568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28603536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27555360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29653472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29679808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28634664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31781360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29651392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32798160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28621080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24410432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26508720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -8832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3471296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24471888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26509760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27555440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27557776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26506624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25458208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25488432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26515248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25457968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22318832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26498384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25458208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23384448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26510000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27554480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22311440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 39867032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24418096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24410928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31763144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17068480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23401504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25461424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27561776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26538480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27562576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22312480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30703168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17071520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26525752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23365232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28654112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26507904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29659728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 41960352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24409728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24381792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26509920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27528168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30680016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28618680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21280576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23370520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25460544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29654688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29651376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24408496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26508240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21271120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26517832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24411328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21266880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26488664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24409536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26509920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27557056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24454400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22313776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26480888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36723728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20218064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22371808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19195616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14993936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23393408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22314896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23414272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23379168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26541440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24416600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24419536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20216464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23355056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22285864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24421056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23349072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22359872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27558384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25457072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23370272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25461184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28603760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22329152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26508880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27557024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34617832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20258784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25470704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19185304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24424024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20224352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22349512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22317664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24411616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23380416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20249984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21299000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25440160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21262960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20224544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26518608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26508480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30702992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24425168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24444992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27558496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29669184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27557264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22329152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25463312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27556656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26523456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34640384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31749568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23365072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25487936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5538448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27587584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25476376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25514976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17084896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19184160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24468608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28638144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26523016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23368112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27570256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24408512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28614984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23360816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25516128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23375952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23372592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24409168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23372104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24422368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25493376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35661576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20240448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24423088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20257952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20213328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3443728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13959072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20250336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20220464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24412528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20215568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27557696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24428856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26543200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25461872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26520080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29687840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16040160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27611064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21282072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27579696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23392128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28619392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23348912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37792080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24454336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22311440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20230784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17083280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20225328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19168688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23368112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20257120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12910048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23369696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18136112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21272368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21272544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18124832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20222560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20224208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 36747632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26542496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26512224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27564576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22317984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25438720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23340704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22347136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26509120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27564336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25474880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24418848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23397312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25503680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28611600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28602800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28604560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26512224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24418608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27593792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25436128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24386760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26537216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23370032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 39869528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18160384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27583264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25434400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27564976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24427448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27588608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24426304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20216464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26505840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23338256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25492864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23370272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20249984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26486504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28609376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23377728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24465920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23367296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23368832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23364112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19201408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23376416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26541880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27564336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21281544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25454304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38830368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25438360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24418576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26512384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25460784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26516720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25437640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23370272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20224944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17070736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28626568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25474880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24406848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27553376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26524424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23382880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27562096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31796096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26539136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23381440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22347136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26487152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27582880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26507568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27561760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28620608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 39892944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18124880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22337752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25469568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17090400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16071200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25490432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26509760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25508384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20221744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23362320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27600832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23360896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25508384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24415776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25468288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27561776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21262864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24425776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23373568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 39867056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24454048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20227136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21267920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21269888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23365072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21259344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25509920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23411232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24459712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22317744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24418272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20268960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23349632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21309376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20223424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21279888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23412384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20218544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20221984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23369152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22362656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24425616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18121552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20224936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 40927232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24401408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23354432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26510960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26515744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25466760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28606880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27556000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30748768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25473568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27562416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27609024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24440360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20212048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23369696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4534368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21298240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18120272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21291112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21314080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 39877648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25499936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28600592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26524952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25471072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29656368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25465992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26535336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25470704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27564496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22331616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25455904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25461984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23359392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23358832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29709280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26498560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29646768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24421288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25459584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29656128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25474264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26508880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20227824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24411248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23366032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28646456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24404368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25463120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 36717984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20247712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25458304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25458304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25463024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25447312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20243776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23362672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24414688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26539840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22317040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22313296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27560336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21303696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20217904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24414528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21276208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25460784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19182048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24417944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23365056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20258112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10780240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24433816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20216384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19168848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21273536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18118672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33587792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21282240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22311856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22309136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20214064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20213664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24408128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5532960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21283952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21261600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20219264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23359472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20220224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23388464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23365952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22308016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17069616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21272568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25462144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23357344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20271232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22313296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20214704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25459024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25457664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24407968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20224464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4487024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17090944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 36729936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18123552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18135320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19185040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20219648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23365152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23394080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24466400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22321648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16027040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24440512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25514496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26511760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26512800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25457088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26563552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16019824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23373656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24441120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23085328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26543072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18123152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19177176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27583904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20274880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19171728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22325520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24414608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21275096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23365856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26537128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16015840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21277912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26512800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16026800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23393184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18124192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26519848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23371896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23367872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25464384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37766440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25464448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23355376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16024960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4500696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23394912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21295568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24445784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13939992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24422672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23350032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23392544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22318496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25446144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23370272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25463184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16036480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23394816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17076920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23375560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22342824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22320720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25469568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25473024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22327456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 37799584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25458224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16021360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22325488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20213664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25458464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22334000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20213664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25455904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23383056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22367520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23359792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22310256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25456944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22312816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26506960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26500000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27542656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26504160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28598432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26547520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25451424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23361152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20215744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23360112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25457744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28602992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31479440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22338720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25456624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27577784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23377112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25499936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23383376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24436896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26504480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27568224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25453424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21263280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21264720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21263280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24435752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26506880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24423200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26505840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25472568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28603312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24407088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28604032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26519760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24422528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29654608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23375704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25491360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26506320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23357632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32534720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24413328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23374536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26545080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26519648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24407008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25491776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24407568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6583856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16074648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24400496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19197696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25463352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23361392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23416096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27551296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25452224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25480208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29656368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26493040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25456944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27558816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24407088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27553696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28615944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29649888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24395888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28606792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22305856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25462144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 36733504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21278000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22317296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25466848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20224544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30710864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27584096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27548576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23359936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6596176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29683872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26519936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26505664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31748544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28653888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29699968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32792496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28654752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27547696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31766336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29667928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30716968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32799440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29700352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28648704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30719256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34903232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29682328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30701008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2141680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37007368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32805440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32797120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32808816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24439008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27565056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32809136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30751424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32798160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28654752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30693664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30700688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31785536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28602816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30729920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31748624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28603936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28596352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29671648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29657232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33861552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34900368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31759280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33860296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32807856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30721720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25466368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31764640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26500400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 56112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5551824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32833024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32847808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33896384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33856432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27565776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31807584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30699968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33880576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29699104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32811392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29657488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31748544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27563920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28602816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33852576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28613472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32797120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32807856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30710704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27573064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24409232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34908168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31753680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24409552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28613712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31748544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3171552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1752992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3870176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35957824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30752384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30696704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33842512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31801536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34891008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34895568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24473472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33865456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33865536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33895904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34913312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32800096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20232288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32815680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28616096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24405248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30704736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28600352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29667512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28616560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30714064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27587552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32813240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29680568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29664344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30693984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 40905328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27586112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30702944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29657304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29661088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25449984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21276224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26564224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24401488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30718688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28635744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29664520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25452784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30712208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25464232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17112032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25465728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23383056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25513248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24431632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24408448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20243776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25476128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24428352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23378056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25499144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22330160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23358752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20216704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20220064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 40928512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23371776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20253760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26508640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25480528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27577520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25467312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16051008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25479400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25477968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23360112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27575280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 36996080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7630112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9730704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24408368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23413504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29670912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23382160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 36991280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3454752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18139104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27563936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26503440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23357392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28602752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26522752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4511776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20235816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27574080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9481200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23376272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27550976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25476376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18114832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24436832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23357424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17080336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22320000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27544736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14988592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20228160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24420288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26517440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12870272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26526888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27570256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24427800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25457664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1814352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33886432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24420288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30732032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22321056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17074656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28611456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27548576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25477520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21274400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26219000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20230464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24456224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4490624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -758224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10796640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36989840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9727984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27556576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6626272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34960288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19177168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36992080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26515280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13942720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6591920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9776000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8708704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10804704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35972416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16048024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1367520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10796784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11845624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -734208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10817760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10775760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24436832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13918608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11818176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24105608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8721248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8700776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3434528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20236520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2851488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34897016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13922848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31751816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1799888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27553648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25499648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16014800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5550560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26504352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27576872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33851376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38054624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 345696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20234968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33885112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15023840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12893112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19172688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21271072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1390912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33853544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5587040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26512984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1367392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19938384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20233392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26509232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29662256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11835264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21272192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3456096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20243592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22335680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31769472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20219712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14987072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35968704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -730624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26522560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37019664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13948144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33862976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23403456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8712248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3832992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20227632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3887872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7666256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12920672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28641208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31766304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23342592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30711072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24465688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 41964832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10806048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34918496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 306528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33889600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10841600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24404512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9737712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17089120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -719840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34911552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7645840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28628480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6598320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30717248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2838880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4543016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21288800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28657312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21279648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33861680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14978432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12906320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9745744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7677984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11845712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13941896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8714832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12934016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8696728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23087600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19208000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28614160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 339632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34908672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31772768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2854720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11842784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -737920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 287360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3863360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35961184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34945632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10839488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19209056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4494672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9761296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21308416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17081264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21282624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9755808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10808992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32807744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16041312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12891072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5559616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2815840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11858448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13960512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5553376 bytes
