benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14704672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4493424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2797536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4517664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4515552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3500680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3869216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -725888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3473120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -712320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1375264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7667424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -722432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7667136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2421280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8743040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -722432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2810048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3471872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1375584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2424160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4519200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4522880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3867200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11859232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23114416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8686688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3468224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -722112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2442432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37002240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3479392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10809504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10810656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6617600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10811904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10809504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35954720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1382112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5568160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3471872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2431968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4520832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9763808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1400824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5567488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16792688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2396272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -741544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 322208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3497184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3854752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5561416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1769760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10809504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 323744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4519296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10808640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 325856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16032656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2797344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35955600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38063752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4519200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 324992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8715232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34907200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9721168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21012640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6595616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2836408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7661280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38053400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7661280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1399864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4542120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11860704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1374720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2429248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7666400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4519200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3470624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 305072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 326400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5568256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9762080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 324896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3470624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7664928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7664928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6616832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5569248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1374944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9762176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34909960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10779280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25237976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7634912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4514400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8713216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8717472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 350208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10796576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6617920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30726112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3439072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5597560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13957632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3470720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6616448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2419936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7664928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9764512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7665024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2423328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11866432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8715840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12914048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7664640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7692360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8715648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12908992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10836448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3469728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12933600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24145856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4524704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -726176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4519360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12909856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8739960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5595232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11859136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8714464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10836448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2423232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11859328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12907808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37006848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17069104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33874024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19174592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -741888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13956384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5567776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3867840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10810880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2423296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6618784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8715328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2820256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7667136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1375232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4520640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20997184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3476128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5562880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1773504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9762560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7664928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8711296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5553696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2422528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12908288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -722720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8713696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6616832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 350520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2817856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5569120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9766784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5567872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9762080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8713504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10810368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26518680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9729168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7665024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6615392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2820256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15792256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6599936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8716704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5570304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9758432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7685416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10810464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6613088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3471584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5595272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11860192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2422048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8714848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29664584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12889304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7693776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12909056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9763328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9770464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10812800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3499640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15009120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11860480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11860928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11858080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7665024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9761792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4521056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10839672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13671840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8687888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8740416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1772984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9766304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35948440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8722688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4518336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 325856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7665408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10811136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5567776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3471872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4520448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -699512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9762560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10810752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19178648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -722848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28630264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11873440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20235792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5581696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30711840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22311360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16055008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30712016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 326304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11545480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38054080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6596088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13941520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23370576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3485792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14998016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29662648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38071488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 320736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7668864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28621232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33876736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28602480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22352352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 306952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23404896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9745024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18134856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38091520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1770400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9729824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27558576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20273320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16059968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18120240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2437960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9733872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34928928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21287768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9495600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21315136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30731680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38077728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15017920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7644488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21269696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32804496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7683232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3856288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8697464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11857696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26519120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38075616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30748768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19170816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27600736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19213376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1341056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34906936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4528320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 299904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18129368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -756096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1771968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12886840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4500992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2401608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6596264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 317088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24180944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21326816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7660032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4497232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31807760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1752704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32851656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23387472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34898608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11854016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22336344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -709472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35976448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22357952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20262432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23397632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10777104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8691744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4499816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10790216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3890728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18128664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16022160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19177944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10782928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8692184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33879808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35968888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4213808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20266272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33893248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23391072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21292256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20261952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30740736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32803584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1341840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37026624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10800280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28636544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18150496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6590256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32810576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1373952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3869312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24413840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22357856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30746560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3901040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1796304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24423024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24455104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26571016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7633056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3868448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19174128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29664096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12599968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -749456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31763000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 333664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4519680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28613280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1340080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2819488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3869408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3854464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3875856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1373472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4519200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -726848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13934624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29665464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21267120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4524512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1349600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17079296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25508384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12920672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34895392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9756512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3450008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -741392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1790320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 36993584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33562440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38093600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1343136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32798240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25481896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13972704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33857744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33872088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17092496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27563264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26542432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35941888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34914976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24435520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3895504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25456208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23411232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34901656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2833320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34930592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11847272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11862432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31760240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30735328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35943568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5580640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32810136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23378552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17086712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35950784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22348984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24420088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18163648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28606032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26516000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3858344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4489024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13927992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4497824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31751088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32833600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38057352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26504288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27588864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29651296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22353248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21307488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17083808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26506800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13923392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35955280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2849328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1791232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3472672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29664968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2807744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33857952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22359200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4203440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20224864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17114784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6583616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7663520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13955712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3871008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14976832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6589104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20217472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3470216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5580384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -723936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34907760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11827856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3456544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1399056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6641184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36991384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2432512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5568576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19225888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14974544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20229072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21261920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12881232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24465208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31802496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19166576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22335024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35673144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9734064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21279344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17071584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18118272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21297824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21266240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22316016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19201408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14973344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18150272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18145472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21272984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21253280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21265168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21283016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11858088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19199008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17107648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23377728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21298560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19168688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18117104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19165216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18132568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13916992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20274464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32552304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13930128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13977640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20244192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17068336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18136344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17077008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10791824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19199264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22354912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21274208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10780320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18137312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18145384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19181728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16036560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12909536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20247072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10780320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16053536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13955232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13955232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19200608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16036792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13956384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21295456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9732544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35671168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20218064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22309200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17076256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18127024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17076216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20222472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17066640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14996224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17103360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16028608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18150400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21283040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19176192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19169728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18144240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19184336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6591696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18150784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11862880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22330648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20218448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16026320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17102208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28355056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21301920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20221984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19180272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23368192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24455104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28622280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24420992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18126032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13931104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19198976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23361232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23406528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24463904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13926976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20246688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11828816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22344672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18120272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17096808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18136344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21288912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17066336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20233496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20245816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19176912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17084160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34640960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13947648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18137136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22342064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15998296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16031360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18168304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18128752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23387120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20249984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11828896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17128152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21275832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22323584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30734464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13958592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17102304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19211520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22312576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12877472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19177968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22345312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20224352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17067616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22330648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21271040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15017920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14984104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22344608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33571744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20229424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6644192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17080992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14989120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19224952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19168048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16050632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16032416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16052160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18149408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11849504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9761696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15022368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17079496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18119632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21300704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23358992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21273120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20218464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11838176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19178232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19199392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22335992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21267920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22325112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17078784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14989120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34622000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19179808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17102624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18145888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18112616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19191672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23395040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16023440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21322104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20249408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23360112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10796080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20225664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17131584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21280576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18119312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20221504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18118032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19194464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13930928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19197632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18118272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19186592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20214384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19166848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23394848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16055680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25179672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17073216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11832944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3852928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13940816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20245440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18101056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20256064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20239680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17071680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16051752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21293248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17080640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19169872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17095752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16051752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19159168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19180176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18128896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19193960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17084344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22331448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 36792280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12878912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18171944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17078064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13937176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3862816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38086880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7656104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9740408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5570976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12886928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8691744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2427744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34906144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 294464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7664928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12908000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1772160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38051872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37011424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 36993184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19194840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33850800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1761888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4519296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6617600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20249088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14974384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34634032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19171408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20231712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19179232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19206144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18132800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20240336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19173056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19181616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19181616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20244584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16042528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18136608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23389408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19216928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18120032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17095664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18148904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21272368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19168928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18110592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13950024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21297376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21263280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18119312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19193080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17071696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 36721512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23363712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21268800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17069776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21266408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23360592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24410928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19178648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22319912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23360432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20258904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21262160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22313376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20214624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21266720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19165808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17073688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22330648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21261600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19166288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22319560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20214624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18118992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20225488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22312896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13924368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19214688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18118432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18129280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34628112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22319776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20214864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22314576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17069936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22327776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22312976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18157088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17080464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19181840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20223640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21268800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16021120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18139104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13938520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16052096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16037528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18139696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17087768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14990616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22332528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4497992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17089560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18136344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17082488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12884928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14993936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21306048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19165488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30474416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9758064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17093184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20233496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18123072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19178384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20214784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17070256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20225400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13924208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17091936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17084776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17079760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19176472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20215424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16021760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20230272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12873712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13943920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18140424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16019312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17089296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16040160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21276912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17070656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17078968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16039192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12925952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18140688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22325280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34690680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19196392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20220528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19168288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18129456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19173072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19168288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16027960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23391936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25463184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18133392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21271224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20238720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17073536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21281544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14961424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20229512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20220304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19174392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18156928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23371920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20220304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10782240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11843248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30438744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13939904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16049696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13953888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10839672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17099232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17087944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13929088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16053056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17081584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13940544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13955232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14988304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19197632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17082728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6589136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19198880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17083080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17084104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19184920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17072496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19183424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21269840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17073696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17085160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31474368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16083168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13940808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16049888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13937440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17099232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13932072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 15003616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13935856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 15011232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17082024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18133416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20226192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6583296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21274656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14988800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 298000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16009040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11835680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3447808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2399232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35979776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1368752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3868064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33863200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -697760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17100032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16029136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25473800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8714816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13654664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32842168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1340256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1361888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1789648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -724352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32814360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 298560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7684688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9730136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5552352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2421440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1355320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32795616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6594000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9743840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3465312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20215896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16058528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15004352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18122088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6595584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35977344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2853248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2801072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31754456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38038816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31788224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1799360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3479968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34626288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17106312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19168528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17067856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17075800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8693000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9771616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12895432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3879936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36995928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35982528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 293760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 313312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25487904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35942144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17111040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6623520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38041688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33856184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -728488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35973664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5534560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8709440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28646944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18140336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12872672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19171632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2855248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1783400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2831008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 58776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11830896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30705968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6588984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11847912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12933536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31766048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7660472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8733576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30710224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1334176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 37010248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27563584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38063192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 291760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3451968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 312432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7629792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27552816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15021472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32801096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20244176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11833008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13960992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26510696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29697568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21264960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25494480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34951488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9768128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22149664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38065184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18129632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17081784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17075744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24443008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12881232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17104672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10796312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35938384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17080176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1357632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2442952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4520160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7667616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3868640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34929728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2396592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28639232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17101824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29661408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11860864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2815936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8715680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23354672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31764024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18127376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1791640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17123224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10796312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9487400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3850192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4495264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3455048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25466672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2382352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33856600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15024800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34902912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27567808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24407312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1793152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8691624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10787840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31759152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2840896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3870560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6637256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33856512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13970560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3452928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15005056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31759360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4523968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16059072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17104832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37007360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30486704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35964688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10798952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26523432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5528480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31759360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29661312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22372760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31800480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7624912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37004880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9780864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8689808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1770080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30701088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 36998640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5548040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35981376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3491424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21263904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29683208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1791616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27593728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23393280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2382832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22312640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32812624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28437344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9747488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20222760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23399616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27564992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2795584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34913272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30735968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2833704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33874496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -755856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9759264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1400656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3847256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28655136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14974384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12880440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34893808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -729280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1388736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26536480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18173152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29702752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7650720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17087040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32820560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25505696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4504368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13943216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6603888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15762576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9734224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8702008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11846416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2410200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23366904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32864576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11833272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -690296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23392864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2410176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -701216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30705880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18126752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7663264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33874400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16022960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17118336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26508320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11875648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7670496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35972896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25469424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17124640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12887304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14991824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24428216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8706944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14994080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -721760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 41018048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37048064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37024448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8684688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34909104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10789008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29692896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22335168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9724144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17100448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32795696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2854608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26508000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3903744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38037776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22331680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10828480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2411784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3495688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6638816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34923072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9765928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -722240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6620384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5557248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -750256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25477496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38039296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38106592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7652096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25198728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31803456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10782080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18168992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38037776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16048112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33879776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38092320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32810424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4479904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15012352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7659552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7672320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7684936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13934856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16040808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10830664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8708704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8720896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9749616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28603184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14990616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13951680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -742096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35952048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9757624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1369824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9726384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7630864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5319368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6620160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26525632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5530800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23380608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10832416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12894112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5588096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6632864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9777344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13971648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9750496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4506472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -736408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 319808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11864416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3845592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10775152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10784080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1396144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12904992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20235376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8693352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3865024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29650800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32844768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7623552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13942776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38044240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6587856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18941720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 307600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35949992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3928976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32829168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13966304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33876608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 304160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10826592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32821080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38050928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6639200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3457896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3881168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2838368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3488136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7673184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23386184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20268640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2856736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4527456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -736408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3832488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16031888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32796208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16031680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5537856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9751024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16024936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12610232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3885776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34913376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6622520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4533312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3469840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19184256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28620576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23394624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5561728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9769856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35960032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -772296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3456000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9744480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16036032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3482432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17113920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24449104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3426608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26545536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2410336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19206656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32852096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32851808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17095168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9740672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23380192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24422896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7694912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9467920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19227328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20227232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14982752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23389632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7642144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13955864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23403360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14982256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13939552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13934176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3884160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6642560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38050464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27606816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34910176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22377184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -720152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31767072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3892576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5551904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20231104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37028816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10791808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35969280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4470152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13962624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11865280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10833920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8697872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30443888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18114872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13934888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12908080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19196632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11835248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1363104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31763136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37004208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10803520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9763936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31772288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32842656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2400320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32822976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1766784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21279776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34922304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31799728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1351104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19176504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17082064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11832920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15028504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9788392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12914240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32817760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30721184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28621344 bytes
