benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37804416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1759392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11858504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19195616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9727000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21297096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18169888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31747504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28606960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26538624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16027584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3471872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34909576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16039992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19196096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25471632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31795136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32811984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24438864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26553504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22321824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16054832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30693264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22325872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18173360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26506544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 39867984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21299776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30746560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4509792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24439744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2396856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -724736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13944592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11858848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22345088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29683240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25486560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27561936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25457808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14954400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26539392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23411232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11850024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22345952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12886928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23394072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -752256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8414896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22325960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18185360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -754096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20214784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19210784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27600832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17072736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18142744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11835976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18150688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7644664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15006368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5568160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17103360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12886928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -724832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16053632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11862368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16054880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38050080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 295520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32812280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34944224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12875600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2420264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19201664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6605824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32530216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16047352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13940808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19197728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20216224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20217424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20218384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5582272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12906656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16053248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27568256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3858592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17095400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1802864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21325120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 301184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16053536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32828256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18161152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18145384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18163552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1787920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24440992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24419240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8683168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24443104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23361696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28638680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26508688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31462824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 36974488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23342360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2435008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13936296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2449192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16082216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 353808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3496000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28665232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21298144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3910944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16059968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24422792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5539200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30700128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 283048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37004352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29694240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26522224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25461152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -746848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33856576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2393472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30699136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4502312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23393568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34923744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24434816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3873568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4191504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 300816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8693448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34902528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8726176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28628096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26522840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38076096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26546432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34906760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30745312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22311440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18174272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14999656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2402664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19185184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21266928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35927576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22340568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38068064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32799120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8727424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23373392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33892288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22315616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6586016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23392416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11873440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19199552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24409728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 39867680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23357696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20220304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27569040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24417952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24422968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21270480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25461424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25465184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24414608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28608112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24431296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27569576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24464128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35995968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25504544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2802592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28603936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35958784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31795040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20224928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23353016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 41966080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28630088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15028544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24462632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26509760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13953664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5571840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34908112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32839040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30704064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26524016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24409472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27554240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22326256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23417152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20260800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24415936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14982056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 325856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19198976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21271840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13925968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19177504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34620768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21275680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23367536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21310624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22321120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24418672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3439232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4504864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2389168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28614424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12874256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13955232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31761560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2364360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 343232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1804768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8705472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27560336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20222304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31738560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16032160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24440992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12882616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26561696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33858360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31775728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2839920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19179000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32801424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16023200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20995600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20255352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20220032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4529664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22374736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18120512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12888984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13984672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17128840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16036904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17101440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9740584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2442432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1771680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4518336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9780384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3470400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 344552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1374048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7684480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1746672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4518432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4519456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17103136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7643960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12907040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16045440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17101536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 304664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1081784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3445648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11862432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17097216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16035240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30710432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25491840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2422528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4520544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38054512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17115936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8696872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9743952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24435968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3897744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28614688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9763424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6648008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7668608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3866976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9764064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21327136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8685008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25484640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17076576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5569248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 328576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15006944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16057664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18160448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30434184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38104608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14973584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10836136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9753120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18168056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12901624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15033352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13981968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15024304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16073192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9782880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15004192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15004288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12908288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15001792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16081032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4547176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -722560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2448984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16054560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17130296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19178120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11849824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22371824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22322880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17071776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17086280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8697136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 302632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26237880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14976064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38073056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8706000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4495240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3450536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20244480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14974384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12906656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13956384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20247840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19168928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20220112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37014784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34922512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 15014624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28635584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18148904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17078064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7648040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10809504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34905088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2852208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -723680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16031776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27566288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13930288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33591848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6590880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1369728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 300848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1380480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3490696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27567080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11832944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21269008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19168928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20212760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2831840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12906656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17102208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 304192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4520448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11859328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18110136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13933472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10811904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18129544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18125672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20235440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19950896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5542000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1768576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7649352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28612488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24459712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4489744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19197128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10818464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8692976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31762264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27563840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -756272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28612752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33853632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3859520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4497176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34895312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23387208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31786464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17072624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 324168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -722432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26518680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13951552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37002416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -709760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7366520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19204048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35948088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18173880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26508768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33846640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18119472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13990368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9791488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7667168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18149280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5542144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31785696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4487872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32833792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3497664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7668384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3469216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27586464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1803904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9762208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37003768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38064984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6626816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3470464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19199680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17070736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26504800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4487024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32809552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22063440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16031440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22341248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25461344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35996608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1343056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38062976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 273472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24421472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1353456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34906704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35969856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34921456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18144240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11828656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21282336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23406528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22330120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21304224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16060832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22331504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17101792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2830976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9739648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19176128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 291040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28616392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27564976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1339984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36997544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38822736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27557696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5541904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12909952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2422176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14985696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21266528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19200528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21273520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23360912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20224944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18121072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31749488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11828384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -695496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13957088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12909760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 326752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32843360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6586816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37003856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12917984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10811744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18142424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16040696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1770304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2421792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28615248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3456544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10513520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6598976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5569728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11880488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13952736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26519120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32824480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -741304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11884440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15006688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15006208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34905088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8723744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5567776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2823040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22323232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34908632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3483680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10810656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 326144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31763936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16052768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24420384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32800144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29699232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9728448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2820736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7664928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15005056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26244320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6599776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2440664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15004960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19203040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5537200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4525184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10841312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37006816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22369056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5545488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1401424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31772504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13938768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6638192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12909056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7687600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -720224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12913600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 330304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3473152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19220584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 307328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9765920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8715936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12933704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7669088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22322176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26523552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15026048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33568480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3501120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18125392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 36995760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25503584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 294320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -702880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2421184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31761296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -763792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9762080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1373184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -724832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11858944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33886688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5565760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16054016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24440992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16029488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24440992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3899984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26539296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25450608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10780320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32843488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1792872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -698472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13955424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38052752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38805624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5537760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19188192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21295296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37004904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19168688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9731584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21303616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32792304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33878272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24456064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37037920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37016408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3851520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17072496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35988288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11899312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19225928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25457264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28649312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6563200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21323080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9731504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23373888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27564976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29669184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24427272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25490560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27564976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38832608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22312896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22319456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25461504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21273840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21274160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27558256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22291912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26488088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22321456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18121072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23384416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21309376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23360112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23395712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24455776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25460544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25473664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20224944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3438928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33880416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9773792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33878944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3857696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35967424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11868448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14984192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18176728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14726248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32834480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3859232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20222128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30735744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35988192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 318360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22344160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10830872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6642392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8691240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12879856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20226720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14970464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18150208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10791656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25489600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35976096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17115072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31791296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3853600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2828424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21288224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22357952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29665664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -739960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30703184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3914000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2838872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35985696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 36709968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33898048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18120112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14971552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5529664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1374720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33874592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4490944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28608408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38047536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2811232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18124584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3466464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19177240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3484544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37001120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1384992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24390216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26514864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34931136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3483200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22325432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5581984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21273600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32837408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -712832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9764736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34901800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20259840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3439968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16802944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14979344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2424640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6611552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34903856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26551008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37045856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8708200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20227400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20215984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9768672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6631424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17080792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1792256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3472320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22321208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29690688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24436928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27556224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29649152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5541824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23393568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11829856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7670368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29658032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24442432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31748784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35952448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33570112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11884192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35976512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12914368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16051136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24442144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10786784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6585936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34907024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6603864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11825824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19177504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27603712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6584880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16053248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4520160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24441280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20213248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18097960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -757312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13930192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10783848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33853136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21282368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3485792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26520176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22345568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34601176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8683248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4477696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4500728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7654752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19187888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22309616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19190848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16079648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16044504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3833008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13935616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16042216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12898752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11841992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19162880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18145880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20223728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19193400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 320088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6589864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6590776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9741992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 15002624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27557160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29685504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7633552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3460360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 32803296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25458544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21001248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3464408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31728720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 292800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17069728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17071456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10775200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4519264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3450536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9741872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18115824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12874272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1783840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9752408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10799336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11850592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12922880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25473504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28602432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27550576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25455664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30702224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31748160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17083080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26509600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31754840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23368488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1761192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 32819696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38051720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 39943688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16038800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6594888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25464264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9733344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9750120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16061120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19198080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14976448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23390752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20215744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2394272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38044856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10814416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26546688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18119072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20227336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18118992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4497112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23367112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13963664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17099008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5527520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2847320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1774112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6587576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12874624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21277736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 317272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1373152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30425184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25491872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31748144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12874432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14982056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10792152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5550592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9739176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16029136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3454552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26520000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10793032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34903504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34935072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17101968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3896704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20228456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10785920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23391936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3896144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16057664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -740424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5570720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13935856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2844440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35970400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4491664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34903680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27566224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19956400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3496128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23369136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23391400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23359936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16022064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16081512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2401520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23375296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -724704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18159520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14963968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20221120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26534752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23378784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23348912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22298256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7662760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11841344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12906656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14984432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23392416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21280136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4517032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12880560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13937936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6619168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22321648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3898720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23081744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8691832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28632704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8676272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18148288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26523456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2397736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22324728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14976384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16034064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22344992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28608912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27572032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7626736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6615064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3445432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37000656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14977424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5567872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6617600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26516480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10777024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33856512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31778864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31787968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32829120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12905640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21276328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2434528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18124584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35660800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24470240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10772080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21301024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25494920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19196744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16022000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6588192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10778712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14990592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23351552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3835392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28599152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28641352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7639056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26502400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8711200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24445664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8719376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9785472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30732320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4524984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12902208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12895872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18151552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22359776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38079592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16025920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 39857736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4489744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22324840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22311216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22310816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23358752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12905464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20235728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7632992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11862208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3434768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10797400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3481600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3858208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34906168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16079648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 312432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3881080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 37023488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21264400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11830576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12893000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18138488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2849696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25509856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20213664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2388832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 37029952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10786368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36720928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18121792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12886864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20237664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19163088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24416096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14972224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 312432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32801624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22351040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21303344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 290240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9731024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23380312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16020080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19218400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3895632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20256224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25484064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12890432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32825152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38041376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 330152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31741968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13917088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1344896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 313488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1384064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13650424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3447728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3867136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4503624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14981792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32807936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -745456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17102208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20233496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32844544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8719360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1373184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15006688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2821056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29690016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30733312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2408384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13955232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2819200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1767648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30696464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29659648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35976864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1353144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -701528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37772464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13946968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11854336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24424928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13929408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31759272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31811504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5528880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19203872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32809280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16026784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16082968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15007936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10810752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20250528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13929648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18180120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12881072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12910944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21299200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29659408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23362336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17080960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9748792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18181512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19159408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15753888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23426016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23393280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20267392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7682464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22325696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12919200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1368832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19182960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13931472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1768512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23377704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24440416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25487848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12911888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5567488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15008384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -722048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10813536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20278624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31759200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30717032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32807200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31799232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27566520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31767832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28602976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23378696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1106520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35981248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22345472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33843152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21290816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5524480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27565256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3452496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21282808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1786288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21282808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37004112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26533696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8671488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10794704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3495416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9748296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6619136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2833736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 320064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23389696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16073184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31779360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32817848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26560480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 288800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5568448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25479136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16057912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1800240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31473056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16101168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17092000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20226368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3853216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14973824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9733480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10792416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16039608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25459920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25492640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15010216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31770856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31800768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3459248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2436352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2832152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30703944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26506560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28600512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29691712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10828480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16058976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1358016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2821632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22362464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17087200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35984352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10801800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9729824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9443096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3439088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 309984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2416352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27583520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34908544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1783080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3491944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1785160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -723008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2834440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7652464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37008400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8699472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2411608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5567584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -733680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34935776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33900512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1369808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9749352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5590240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25488288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12878752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -701320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8704208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7681152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10798192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7654048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7681440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18914816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2838128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6613344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4522368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35961584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6611896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3834256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5574848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1777344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3459216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1359864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2410288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5555048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34918232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3443008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -717152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8720096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38053336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6635040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4514848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 311288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25455984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27570008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27623424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26526280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30729760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21262960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2842128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 319136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3460184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15771760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3454128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2412664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7648888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10806112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15000896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2419424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6591040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6600840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22308416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1331376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38070528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1397472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 37020992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33857416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34893680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1341216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5556368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1777056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28600144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28607712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13953792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20211536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34938912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4486944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2438560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7646512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6631616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1390272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3458368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17910624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5551440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9769152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 287152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32792016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8734304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 318328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16005040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25456256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6587616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2832152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8701656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7671840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10800128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5588720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2444408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5588720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4507792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5565184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3866240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7647152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2410728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7654488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2437024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38039408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9740224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2419456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13946208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3466112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9750760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16853824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2413984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5575456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 332480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4518504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2446800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1757952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2430496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2408704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6615656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -718400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6603008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7649032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1774888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7664320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35957440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3497920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3468696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6599576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8698928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7650792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7675488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3866240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27581344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3446496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -718400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2423640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1384992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6620480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -719744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23103344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5575528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6596408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7690864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2424784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5552320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7670304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10819200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1785600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7669344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12920960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8713312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5577568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2431840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10816704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5576320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7651672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -720240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4504800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12933808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7651584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10810752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7651936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6600632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11866624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1385376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8712808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21280832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11826784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7675968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9462248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6608768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 351000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2400576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3467464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4507000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7676832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 324896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8699456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38062176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4534376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4503920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2427616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9773696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2807680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8723104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 336512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7667664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1388064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4503656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8712632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34908192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31772384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30746848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7654048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4504624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1384608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6600632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2408864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6621632 bytes
