benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 41937808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10823136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15003328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10809504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22348672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18121392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16046208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12882176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24443392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21311584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4499232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17104224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7646072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35946856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2808736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2797912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24440360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19189856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2850448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29686432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25485416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7638832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2793688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22372136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27559296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26535456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18118016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34627696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21315712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7638992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13921632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19178560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8675328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20225112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3487232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35954456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34922688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21309376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2850208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14972448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4524896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30710784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18117136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19192816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19182376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21271168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28646208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8731072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33854416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3463736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18131656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 36992224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38050336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -700192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2111896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5545824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32810160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2428608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5567776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19197056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20214448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 295360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32805600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26499360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3899296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18122960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4517416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29683584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13957632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38050816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9732784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5567776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25490720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13977288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23373392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4515040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27560976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24415896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38033536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6590256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22326136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29674560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9472896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20260032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1800832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27553320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3894480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31762176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1344784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3837168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32811840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2394512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29665760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31782368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23350912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27587200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27589760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1356520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3866976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24424520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7676640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13940904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13936680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7631608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35953232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8728576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33861704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27604192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6590280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14979968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6626464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21305376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7363672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5551360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11859936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4515456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15011200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2426080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1773312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35953752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37017552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34923480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16066400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19199360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14986928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15012448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13958720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1793752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1770368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14983200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10813760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6617824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17104640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18144240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18128840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20228896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18123152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13951080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4520480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10814880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9764512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19968704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2406672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4527456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6613856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4517664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3474304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2423200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8711296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2451272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10813952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8714688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7665248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10812480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4546632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4520160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5566528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4549360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34910280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5537440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33860856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30701344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17102304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13940808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21273088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3855488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12930048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16044800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13937912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3855744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38086208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1052608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33912296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27583712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35956248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -709568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31811648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11861664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5575904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19167792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27592224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20260800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1754688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9739264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12888424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2411872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3891168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10789776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 303224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22326136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15009024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14987632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 303136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13984440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 329056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38043120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28631144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20230864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6597176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13983608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18154368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26230576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17110768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8682128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33856512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3880416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28613544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6617024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11865440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21274568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1758048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14984344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25469752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27558496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20222032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22310224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19197312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9771840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11864640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2421760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 327040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25490432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25461184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21270560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16027248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17102208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25486240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13974912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16030632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33553408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25477744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38083744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12902240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35952520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18161152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1348456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1770720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3867200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38053720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12920960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8715712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18150688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24421880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28606192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27556400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20234552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28605696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28634664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28576160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29660672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26506704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28606112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25477344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27555520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28579408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32524512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26525520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29658832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28619992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29688664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27583712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26523720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25464648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10785280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26557600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28602896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28634664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26550144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28611152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30706608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29665936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29680864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29657952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10805440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37004616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38066920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11865888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11868224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9790368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11858464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27587392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4537504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32505960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31818752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19170416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2393520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21277296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10820896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16039816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24419568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31796288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25490912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24465824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9775040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24442240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28650560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22319456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22348480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31784960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27546256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16074128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25493152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27564080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4494048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26568000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22319616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26540704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29642368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12877200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10831768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9791800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18179160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22042616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16054400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28611168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8711720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12905408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21295360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30728896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13940816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4546032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2794416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38054248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16024160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8734200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3470400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10809568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15013856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23399520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14976624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22365792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21267088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9733712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11887624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2440352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6626208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21317216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7629072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2449920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13974792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11854496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16866016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2397072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3472896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31756880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2400672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4517952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34906056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3444992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 323744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5569024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17127320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5565992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13955232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11828000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -698200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10788984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1773408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1349520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33856424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6629024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26506784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1806128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12909216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24455968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35963112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1343216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 42019112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33882560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10831488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26512928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10773584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 302224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 327296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21296608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -719968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13935216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35975136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8722144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38093216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11851640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29661088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3874624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14982144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -722432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4519200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8713600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8714752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34905264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3440288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 40913120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26529856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19165232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26528360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26516128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6581920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25475064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13974048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33851024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27603040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29660712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29656448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9777248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 15007680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1351800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4521952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21277944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7637392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1769504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21325120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13927808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10838840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9763328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 353600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2821216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7664928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23395264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23381192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7641616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25181664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20255088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26507648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28657728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29707592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25490176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22348456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11851728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32844320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8692448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5574304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20272360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25457264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17079216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27589928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6619992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34907760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25482952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16056824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15029896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18149280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4497736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24441888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -753136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34881448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10781040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30714424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17071264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35945184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26508720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20985408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20216784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21260704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12910920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28612488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33880224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3860000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7663808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2818688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34907408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -713216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8712096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27550680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10794816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13955072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25492544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4519904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2426048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5546224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3443112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4500024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3836776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12876432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14985696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9742904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12891184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19179120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17070736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3454960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20248256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29386592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -686912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23388672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21273120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16033520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15004608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22367144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25461184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17070736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23368112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37023184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23406528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15019168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12908704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23421856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27573296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23360960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5538480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31752288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14986840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12933368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15005664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34906440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16024160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9762496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7665344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26538848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21301920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17115680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 36756480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22370976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 329184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18130072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17071696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11842256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5545048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20226344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27558336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1751352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37050464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -753216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8688224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18148576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8694496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24441856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14973584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11859712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8713984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8713504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15003808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18151936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25492416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24446048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10780640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23392416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35670904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10779600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9758336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3853696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21281488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1773504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5568928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -725792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10809504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8715136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3471968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17105312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17087768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19190616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21280024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4545720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4519296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9763328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13956384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22335320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18154912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21310336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15024800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21275800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11863904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28624048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25473504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26571328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23360656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24136336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19180688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10789584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33886752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3441328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16036992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21297952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21273504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21269920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19179152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8683888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21296416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18121312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20238872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18128896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17080264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18110672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26505264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9784320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16019824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38053808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3482432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3472192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15012480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16053536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19228008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14986336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16057216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35685136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16068416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9783712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3890232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10811424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4543432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7642752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1369888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5569888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27567728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19191968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32796256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6616640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10829104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17082640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31795232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4536504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3451184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33879552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8683168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13962688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26518712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30704768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38071616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4513896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3843720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -695352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25495872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9738752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3448448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15725680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29688384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13901144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5563168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13983360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8737736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17130544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13922928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13977432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2414144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18150528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18145984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11847968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9741048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13982320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16078184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3448448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10817152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24448448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24416112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21280576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9710872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10790680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10828064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19197888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9730464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4536816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1746320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9442568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16062816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13932776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32801616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -749968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32828544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3452792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 344072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18129568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2406208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30713896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2388400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30731488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32796896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19198496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9791552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15004032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9740960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16032504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16079224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10837944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3843720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29664528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32807856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28653232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26523456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18093136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1776864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35975360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27598336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14713904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1340800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22347744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5537360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8720832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15029024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16055360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17101824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10789688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18150784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1792256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13986960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11858080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4498232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 36991736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3863328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13955232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1771296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15005056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12906656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -720800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13985920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15005056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21323768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12884176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35955864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10497888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11834496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1375200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7640616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24441280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20221984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33877480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30746560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33873344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29655488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4515040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5546016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2402312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25472392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1348544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9731408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 327232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2421760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38053016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25503680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2391712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18130688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27552160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38828560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13942368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16028256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17078768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19197480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5543520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3852736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -735816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1405192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33857568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3861504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -722272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 345280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -726848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35945008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33838416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29693120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34894352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31816368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33860648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30702224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33862528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32838656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37036768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30709808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20216288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4507496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28327152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3461680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33824912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28662272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20234464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21244960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2849328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1787912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18131008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14966896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20224464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2817408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13947352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8689688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1780496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7682024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 32791056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2832328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6591128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2833296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11874496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5557512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19189440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28603712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12872832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11846768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10797400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3461504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16055648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12895344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9483896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8685008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5557336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13963584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3444960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19182200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16019440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34900536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33857416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34895488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -754816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10781000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4488400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23364792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24423224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10775040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20219064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10778960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12898840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33851608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 32807608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3902544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21272336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22369856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22332528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13921568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8702600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19179584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21295008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 15011800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33581008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28666176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23410144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3838592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19165728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 37016904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1799712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24412840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24449072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27555616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23378440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -740224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7636416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21295936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2855648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13937296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27575320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27602816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26501680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13921328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28620440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6630240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22345088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3437888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7655080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33851696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21275208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 293200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5555576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1782896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8443504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 282960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34902272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33857680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3896944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6613952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5575168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4516608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29661680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10771344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22347968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30730288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25493408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22348280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3850304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10778960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12906656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8694120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6587536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13955232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17102112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14990088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16059328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8693416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1791640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2420416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17100480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2845056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9742784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28350016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3898720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9757280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3863616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14987600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12887280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9740584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8694032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19180320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16034064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18151232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3444728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 15012000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16051904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5547248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23369432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16051368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9760448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -743064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1790760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6618176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9741552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2840480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18130160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14974280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12888776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9760448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2813792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7671840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4520544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13667512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11837136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 15007328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25465424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2838448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 36999512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3895984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7644664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14984872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21294784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -754192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2420416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -721088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9742696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9742696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7644840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8720544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21324224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12879232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9761408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20254592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10778400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22344992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16025824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13963424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1791640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16063808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16034152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28335168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15010624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14984808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18149824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32794576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2856688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38043800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8677888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11846768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13936704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38074176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1345776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20244640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9788096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 306888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -722432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16024760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9749352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6605912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3859744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6605032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13943920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25510480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32799296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14973504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13945592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20228160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9728624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28626448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36996000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 37296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18142256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 293520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8697200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18122176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7643984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19190056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30741056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3905344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28633248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20228304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30728000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4483104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2831448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5557248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3452088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13947000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6604328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6608112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1362592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21285888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23375856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21262080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8681328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31781088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35943504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1773808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2412664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 41947664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33881240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34900288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29657408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33842432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34894448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29652768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34951968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30701504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33844192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25495272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30710456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14960464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22329040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20224256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7670976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35940064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19177616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33848112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33856624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14999008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30704824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5536080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3463296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35944536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -752336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2848024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1789912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 41969408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3442208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16074792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3473216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29688960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37020896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32848000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31763360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26506624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4496648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1821680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28597552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3908464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30738592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19197312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26505664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26505744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26515248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29659656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21279696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23373536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26518480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27561800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27563600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21283040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8692688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25520256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28610752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27562400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24426304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 40910376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26515760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26505664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14981984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11887000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21298688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17081200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21315968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24407088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26516400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26500000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25495616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24424848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24421488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22317536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17078816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21281312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25469648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20225984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23374576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23366192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16077792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38780992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23369712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28608992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23395712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27561456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24408512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25462304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29661240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26506704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26563552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19159168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24408512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27564256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19184920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27584960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28597552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22330648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25475168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8687968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5573312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26568832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25451568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27570256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27573528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23360096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 39873232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21266960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28607792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21275912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22310176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20217264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22329520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22365600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22310576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24407328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24426272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26524704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18114832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21291104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24409408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21279760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22311216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21261200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22329120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25455904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22329120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20219184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25462144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20219024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23364752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25470368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24431792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26525280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 41993024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26509040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25470528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26524704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24410128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25474944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21286224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24410288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18137816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29661000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28599552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25473296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28607392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26504240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25480608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25459264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28621616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3437488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23382248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27575120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31761672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13922368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30735520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30693904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30694944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31790528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34888208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30704784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33841552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29656208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 110016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8712416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26524192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28675072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24421640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26523344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30723648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27590432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28598512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26518792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26532064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4511872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21297376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31747360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25462208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26502080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33839632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 342624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3846736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9728464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25485888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -758016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20236752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29661968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28621640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32854048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17121184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7643536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13954720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18135616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31503760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35971288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3466608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4491216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31746672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29674760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31754800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 297760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17084840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19181648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1801792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 37022240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5563760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3446136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4513056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4524480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17097024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2407704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23401632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1351616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18116224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14973744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14992088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2443304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35942256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10805144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34894400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7643016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8714464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12916160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36707216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26578400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17090528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28602272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3456280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -710048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4501184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24429680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2395240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30743232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25471712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8707992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22339040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5532240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7660864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32801976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26558560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2845616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11846768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18136816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18125024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18131768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16034528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16033768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18153664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20223848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20220624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36728312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20215904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20253624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 39085312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1794168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1784896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32829376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3848224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25466992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27554896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11868736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19197408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21292048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13964016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23392000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32843232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12879232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27585056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18136344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3890544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21260640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2848608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3881872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21261152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8679728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24429272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1796864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -735088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10798456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19215488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17841232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10798624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37009472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9741152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30727136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2844000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34913472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10840832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12905968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4531392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2405184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10824768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3857408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18138464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23359600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18172032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2418560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10811616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7679328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 309504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3869048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9767264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19184864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6600000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4516512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23372608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11811120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3863392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5560352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12915008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32540304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10799808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2424352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38054784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1791264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1760448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32809984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8728152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32825248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9713032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5571712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14988272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17112768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14986976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34905936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2841760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29667424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12906080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12919520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3455080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27570752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5571712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1357928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15015616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7668960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28627232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7668864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8725600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6629312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6616160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24143584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17094368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8695216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9758656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1762944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17110656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2836168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9759800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3883512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13940520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9760944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12917600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6615568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9787968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12905176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12904912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6617240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33846400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17128544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13941664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25477184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3853264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11849888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17100976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19196096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6594320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33868192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37019312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2448672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10808904 bytes
