benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 144779856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -35208544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 149212560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -10196704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -14404976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2417648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -272329520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 159662944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 174348576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -104574768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 142734016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 180763984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -173765840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1772000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 195310304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -291228656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 105185680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 79985760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 63190880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -104556320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 241188720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -169452752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 241464736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 186974336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 94634352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -177933728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -119239456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 128223024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 184843520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -205263728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 176194560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -64621888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 214223312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2438112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -87814624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -230378720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21242672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 128249088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -119244304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 69475648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 276816368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -131721568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 155546512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -129751040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -186349728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 40132112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 121907440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 111444480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -159066800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -142327968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 113556512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 57001632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 109395072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -226198192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 222590096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -136039920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -8090880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 71599520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -165345504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -33278160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 346087616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -173684992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6654992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -37460176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14968960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 92572000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -263941184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 166011536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -110882560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 161775760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 58715472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 312870016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 128261024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -56357840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25479536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -100410512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -14390080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 159702528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -146514848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 84175728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29399552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 239471888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -209380928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 132445200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -45859168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -14409984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 136633520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -266059632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -33231616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 222554560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31453120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 273032816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -221965088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38051808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 128242416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -119265824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -35353984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 184862080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -169622896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -35339024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 107070656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -121226672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 220507216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -169533552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 205772336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -251374896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 230979760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -79386352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -138110656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 100981440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -8190224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 168132768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -14348416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -35314240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25448304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27530400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -60503776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -41672832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 61147200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 86232240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 293732672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19297760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -98223280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -177982960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 176467648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -102452592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14977088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -136003440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -26955696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1825968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 278923104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -16338144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -165343792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -18593456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 111457728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -20694288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -37432224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -119231976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -18595472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 283428528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 77562976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -89737616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 151322848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 48539728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -182173104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 157567584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -194702480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 314856416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -289113280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 77850176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 146818592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 44418656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 124080608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -98266848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -211509328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 46400256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38057120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -52145136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -77266560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 65289472 bytes
