benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25792784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 116879312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -64716752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 90330592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3882192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8666640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -185251504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 176436752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -44766384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38995344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -8802752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 178778496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -109838400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3969984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -66698272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 64187904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -72020160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 150186064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -158073616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11814368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 221811936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -143169952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 75756400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32754352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -190417792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 207855072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -179050288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 163861136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -49988352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -87821408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 220938688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -201999968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 105119040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -110918000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10806784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 137708912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -59443104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33761472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 69471952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -83496928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3718720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -4793712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 217422736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -10153888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -10203584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -50152784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -164275552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 98792288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -129657104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 109680160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12975344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -111951776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 115671712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 88467840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -205376080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 190116992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -230308464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -6032752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 41153088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -5731136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 154558128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -142257216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 82115808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -74211168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 203752128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 223484344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -190540912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 167960416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -166302208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 55116000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 40251136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -113970960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 193262896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -103622688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -10089248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -87895136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 153489568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 62023776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -99219936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 138967792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -55148624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 60096432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 86226848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -255523104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 220498976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19213712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -204286688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 151387008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -41743120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 75001584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 166140880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -254528592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29742480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -24918640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 171253632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -15576176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -119251440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 89463072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 68454704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 85603104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 73831424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26447680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25387568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 115471720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -24849024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 135644480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 136662096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -60596352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -81431792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11131792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -8086240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 99909376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -35292208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34802960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 50633360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19168976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -13244864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -85663984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -112066832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2563360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4574928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 163899136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1397840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -119281552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 117673568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -104531792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27626928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -81497408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 106171440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 151517232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -147400768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 182819232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16003008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -98317648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -64645984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -58443392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 41125472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -63723648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 64292528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 185302336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -12219280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -95146336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28583104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -70918112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1302544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 41220256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -32349088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -48865120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 165933520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 113854448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14035360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -33240848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 77868432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -15417632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -166455232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 82146544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34777120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -148587072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10804464 bytes
