benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 51980176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -62468176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35944624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24295504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11884368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -844160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -52092656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 48610512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -41779632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25492640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 190406160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -185229856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 98934784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -84723600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 153327680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -173671104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 140747296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -83645136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -62490960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 107117120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 54060784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35095408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -9124512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 40129888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -128657008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 100934864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -80531760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 95832320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -52231872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -77282912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19485760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -16329264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 139732992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -98245168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35862128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34892656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9774336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26520720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -127623856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 109343744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 100174480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 110595168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -79403904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 59993936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -124422880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 41184912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 79872896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -16404032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -69960512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -51099248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31166768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -32187376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 115717040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -98274784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -33263424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 132381696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -93093568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -20676192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 103127424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -44882784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34290992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5647296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -39649232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9687456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38043840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11880336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -18535568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -16555648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20171536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10815680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 43670464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 104253280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -88794768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -62715104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 99975184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -93076160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 132355904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -129663184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -7045584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 45362208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -5733104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5617648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 49734864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -13481552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 61130656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 46507312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -49031584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -78297984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -32242320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 116690096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28875024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 40360144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11716192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -12294496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 57937328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -74093504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -64648208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 79927824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -94085152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 177507584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 92865440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -26845200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 63258624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14889296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -150669728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 142827264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2782384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -74161632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -59495968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 95668560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 80215904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24557968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -49967552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 51560368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19236640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -138119264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 98914672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -75245488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18089136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -27948928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11264816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 134773424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -127637824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 99827184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -83519136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 112353568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -31029632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5545456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19032640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 168051944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 114864976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -42588464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 95764064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 62142696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 112509872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -56369312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 45399440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -94155072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -14402160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 91645376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 94953920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -109729152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 76961792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -71058480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 37017888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28636400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 59026000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -131835536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 158541168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -123473824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 106527632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -90767776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -33301072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 134547952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -105655808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -13418320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 129296656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -164302352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 137686704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -120418736 bytes
