benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 69232400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 105240992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -152795744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6618960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 77867184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -79403536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -43734528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 88395264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -110849520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 73701376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 159389856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27642320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -26890608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -29073296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -71003856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 92557984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 105144896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -64705056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -182170768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 124018192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 75471392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 212281504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -142317072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -64681248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 197434880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -284941904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 113539504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23396624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 109332192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -92017312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 123751584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -56224176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 52743616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 56943520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35927376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -102482720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -22783488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 126124272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -112947936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -6004160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 155254896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 67546224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -201025056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 178613664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 73676816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -129728528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 56948064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 90486640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -247152928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 178500160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35749600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 283523328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 59056048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 266674784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 147134992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 79968000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -234581504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 67397248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 258258320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 239354704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 48229888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 155621936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -106649232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -117117120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 289688624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -127622016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -115081568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 287638576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -106681088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -60532528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2119888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 335947440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -22728000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -108747808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 138685856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -215694848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 92569728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -226210256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 197429648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -192666544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 180494688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -18438160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -121300464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 212084672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -148594976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -123411840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 111424640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 113579184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -54250656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -62604928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 115338768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -24759392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -41620832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 82098720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -152759600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 218343184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -31153168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -22777264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -41603568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 82042912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 310796336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -209324320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1760576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -115050208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 289720880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 75798192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -211528512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 82127472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 44278112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -217775696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 222333696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -41572384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 134566976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -293278784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 105126304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 134515888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -18559840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 109320768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8740752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 283372864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 77932992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 157703520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -98215184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29654544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 103043248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -142306560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 50616320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -8073488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -131858400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 140822288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 122094688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 115803376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -77285184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 117733200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14979136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31732880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -295395200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 272941872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -209403568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -85681216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 276828672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -207183040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 207899200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -282792784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 69457920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33902064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 119815232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -52111216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -83626080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17088784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 239098592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 124112832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 287404152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -22734464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -140222768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 130316608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 65295568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -152826976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -175865328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 295986176 bytes
