benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31485928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32810800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37017992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34942112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10799840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23378320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3855008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38053016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2436256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31787584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16034680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2452664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28636448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9760296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20246688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18181472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11834040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21296416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21275248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17072496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19197480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -709856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22368704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14983712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7687288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12874488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7667584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29665728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16021104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27587872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27283888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11894464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23390688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26510720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23365152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26512000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24389200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20218224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21271120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30731816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27559696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28635632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25489904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26509760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23361936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27605536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27561920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22328360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9761408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8714752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12935824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32529240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26512480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26509760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26505664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30751264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19173696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11848472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26540544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13925472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19166672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35988576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8682928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32808992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34914360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25504544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17109216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16041224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19197480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6586016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37004440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22362560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6585760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3844200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1399264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3490696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19179264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 307184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15742480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -730744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32811400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4529568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1373952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2449296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2821216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21299328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18120272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5544784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27587584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19199768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1800832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4496384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1796192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16018016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13925632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4546552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7690720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18131600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16046824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11858944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12907808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34906144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16064864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22310528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35979584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32843424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35665488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21266480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2392672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -723456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29661064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1347776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24389424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37034208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21264880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11869312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6617920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29684256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25469576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5533184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28601984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 36992448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6629216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3479008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10810656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7664160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13965280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9762176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11859712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38064896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14974624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11859232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12906848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2423392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27285168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1380832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26534400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21266608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13920432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2442952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22326336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15029984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29665232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38075072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1347376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3849952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16047088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10788896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4518912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12883848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2429248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8714848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8715008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11859328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4497408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11836480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4519200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30707496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30744000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33846512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37038016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3855200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3827000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13927808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25170352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9755720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22322176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8727712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2844000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20224936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2394960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3854176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20216464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3856288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16023120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29664408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4516976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6618560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28634336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28604896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24425512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29688128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12906048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11840760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37050640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17110208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3471128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23368112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17115072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19185976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19180440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22312576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31468664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22324112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22368576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20218464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20223104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25450384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22322088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12895784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20250560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8684928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5569024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12907520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21296512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24450208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26509920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22368576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21307808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12877232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9764512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31772000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6624896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14982936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 36993584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11873056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35690256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23352440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19169648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19169728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17108800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22345672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20235552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23353232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20219264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28649120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20221904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3880608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2422944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8690952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10818944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13956480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27565848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22343208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12867472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 326144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -722720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37003296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16067744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7685312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21296128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2447072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22346400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 36723064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22318400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23340696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19170128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25489952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24424848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19173888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21277064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22319616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24412736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22312896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24414496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4488864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6635904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27607424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25465088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12877232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17112256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6599720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29685888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9757656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13975624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15032000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22346208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 39890928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21298144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22316496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25463184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21266160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26512080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24416952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22345088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24413536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20218464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24414608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26509920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21323072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19168928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21267040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21267120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32843616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14975424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16052864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20266144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11825776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19207808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23373336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22363328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18123040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 41964232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25472480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23364000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24419376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24423024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26509840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25461152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28619472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23377904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25461344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24412768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19179912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9751320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2422208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3854464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 320384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20277104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19205536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22330304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33883296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18122352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26535136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27556080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24417792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26521000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33880032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9775232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3485984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -702880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28327736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14984432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25489992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17076016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17098080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19157968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23376944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19169968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21279352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8673088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 308152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11841280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23422168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21268400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18110272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19177504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19169888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20228752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21268080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17075184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23377904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13930288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5569024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22365584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19169856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18132656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 41987744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18111216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20223792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22318704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17073536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20246232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20265504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21268080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18129216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20241128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20207744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23402720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24456064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23373744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21267920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14964624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19200672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20229896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17071776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18132744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21279888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22326784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19150144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38818384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22303576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18168352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20237024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16024320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19200032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20212760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21255504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17073504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12909760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5534144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -724832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1354384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1771008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 345800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12906656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3868448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17083872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2846928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37003296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3856736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22339688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29634392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35945648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6339856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13961056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24450912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27583072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24444288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19169648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28625336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27581776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27572032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20234464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30703264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25472072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29655648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26520376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26505040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23361680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27611648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22313040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23370400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25462544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25467824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25461344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25467424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25461424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27564576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25475056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23376272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 40938888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24412128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20217584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27563216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27585472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25474880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24422048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28585960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21281544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26519040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27562064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29640368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22313344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26498160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23362720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28607920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23377728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22322472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25456944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21267200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23363152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25492864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26516128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24410752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23368032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27590016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 39869456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22356896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27557456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27554416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23362000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23378872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23372912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24412608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23362752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24445432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25467936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24419488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25494360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22321696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24401648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18119312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28630088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26523456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25452824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22324016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26516776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25464648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24419488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26509040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25465584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27558496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 43021072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6618176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23419232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25469664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25467408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26480096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24409552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25468872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25473104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20214544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3439968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2424960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17102208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23378320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22324288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21300608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26516464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18124880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23370312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28607312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 40908688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27599680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24408448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23369432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24455104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20218784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26509360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27564944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27574584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29652416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25485504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26521680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27558736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23384600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26519040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28604576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29654176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27573088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28606880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27574496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31737440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29663560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25473504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27566896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27542176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27556864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31765784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 39869368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21320672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26509040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19169328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24425400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20222912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26553792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12882704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22347488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23400384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22337864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24400288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 295360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10814816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21296128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21273584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19175392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10786240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17123016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24418744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2424704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34698960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21268640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24437536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20244416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23364352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25461424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27556496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25464368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22321696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19147120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23396000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25437568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29661728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25476376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29667328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29679808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25458912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20216464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24412928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26538176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26507648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27553840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25463648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25467664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 56296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11849264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37026784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35947904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38053456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31783232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30720640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37057792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24440680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29660288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34905136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37023504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37038976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29685536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35951472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35996696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33920864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37000320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31793888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35954752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34907888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32806016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32806016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34941824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38087552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31754640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38037056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32844576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33850112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37023504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 43056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2428448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31808216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32841216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28605072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28621576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -739344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31761408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30742816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30722664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29685152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28631232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33863488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29654768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25463648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30737240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31782304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30678000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31748528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34926784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30704304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29646896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33852736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30742816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34872592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33849952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29653648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30728384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30678288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28610096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 40911272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27549056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28654112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26537512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28603856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31720160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28617768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30727504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27555360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33863752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31751840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29652432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29683240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25486560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30703264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29655008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34895392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31765648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27563200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29652352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29651472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25458208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31752640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30711576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25458048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28610352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29683240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33875168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29654848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29682800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4238608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3445840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34908984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7635632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33879424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28643008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35944048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28604176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32829936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29668496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27554240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30718024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31764464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33861384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33891040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28638080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30738944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29666992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38051760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31790464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33862176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24450816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30703264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34896032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29692448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31750544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33845128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30705184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35946768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 41973232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4537632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28620872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32828968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25457168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27562016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29704224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27583712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27587144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30731816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27554240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27554240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24408592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30702224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29695648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28631232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27555920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32797200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33848912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29654688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33846656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34939424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29659168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34926120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34916896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30717072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29665848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32825536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35676912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26507680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27534576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26508640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21243920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26510720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26518400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26489520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21244160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18116912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20209216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24413488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24409728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26505120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22370880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29651248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30680304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29657656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31761320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26503440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 32791456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28603312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29645728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30695024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28583952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30716264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20211904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31748240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31736800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3212944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9760992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34916496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31750800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31754808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28583072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31742880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28605312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34889408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34922392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30731080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28584192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34910480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20214784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13930984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33884768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3863296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8691832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28600352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30696064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22310736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 292160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3880904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28608024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5530880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31758800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -749112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24451456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21268960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20215424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 39864648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17106400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12873552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16041776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10799576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18166720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22306528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22311136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14971984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30737800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3503584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17096512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35944384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21268800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3445280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2820832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24407248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38084192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22340536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1340416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4507616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14994848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11844368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30703944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4521088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13926728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14980704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28606880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24413408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29689928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24133616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9732544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1792696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3873056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9745744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11869408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7669408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2403016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 15009344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2405040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -739664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38054776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19204768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 330144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25467488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3437888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31767016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21259280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20222144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6589536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3447952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5571232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3473568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1383200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12891680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -714560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10792768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5578048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30717736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24419000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13659872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10787680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37006608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1800832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14986808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27562328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11845064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26542848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28644640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3433152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25471336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23348672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28660704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16035920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30710344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16051720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22343360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19172768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5538960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12887280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2405304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13937000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13954752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20231800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5556016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18132240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25463984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26571648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25492160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -692480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 40908080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25508672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29693024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19230712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 296320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4529472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11866176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35959296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3465904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11842488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -715680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12917024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2815040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16055040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10791536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10796576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10810176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5569984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8694032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8695352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8721504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7646424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -725312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2429088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12908064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5552176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11866752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18130160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12888712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23375416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27324784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8734592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12893760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33849584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33884232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33857328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 328832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3459304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6606968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12897192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11847560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13947000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34893008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38078624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4497024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4526688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13945064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24414512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -763216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8704384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8704120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9749088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4494680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28602352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2410288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4491568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 37014968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1347696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9760176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27543696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32523312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13952456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25476728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27558816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23356672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25514016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16063456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3827080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31748720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 37012592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -739984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7644720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16034384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16041072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30718792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5556808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5587536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 313312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30711368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18115552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18127544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20226192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18118992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19178496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19173040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3896776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12887952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28609872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19208256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17074480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24139792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7652584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31769904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 325824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3869696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12894728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14993552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9751024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16041072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17083576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10781880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11869056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12896488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9749616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4505064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2429728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7654752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1362416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12922048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1358664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11869728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16062880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20233824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38066888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3468104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19186008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24414776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23359312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25514688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22341824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33600464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31788576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37012416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34926880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1783576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31783712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27606368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23413408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4479904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5588160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12887720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8694704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15003808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13958112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5590800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10811680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3870560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10812384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1403008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 326528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12906656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9761792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -723680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18135088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38037920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15023648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11858080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18178768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16029488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35697504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16033120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18135112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19202528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3455728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 36991264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13970656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1770944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37002240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18124192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38038960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27568864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30710144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31783040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7641376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12904640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6597320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -721504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30717736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24443104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3447408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4521376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15007552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9763712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6619488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38051752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5547832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4499328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4522080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9476352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32833600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35996512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10830976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3468224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30709640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11841344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8699840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3867680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3862752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3889472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34901184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10790328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30710784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10791120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4521376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28615480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29683872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3854720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17082256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5538120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32807936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8730560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18152320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3452408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13978536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1772064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9761504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33591520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 36005632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32836288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1389760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33843152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6594960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3846528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27584960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1336576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7678752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1361008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -737024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3868736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2833296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1801208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32819840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30704784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28598512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17091600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16059200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18137168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11842576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19199936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11832744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6603888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27575408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18133264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23375504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6621872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34914560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11567728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21281632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23381192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15024032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27589792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33843552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19185552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2850528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22342176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3901424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2805376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28624632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14969104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20266272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5591680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11873440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19187680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3846200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27565960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31746320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32819376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22340536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6582896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21299296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26505360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32796736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31750560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31746320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16063424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11848088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18893880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31754400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9779616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27581696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18116352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24429272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8682448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29674848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34914992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25476928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3429776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12896664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28624688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28604192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29653728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28655840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30717144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28613656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32814296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31799712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27597184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32819112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32825856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30702224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21264080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30719808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32797696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29653488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33855568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31787168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3195528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9742224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34916584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13953072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26533344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33842432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31760320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26564448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34898896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32827528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28631992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29643728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29643888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27548576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27550976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33854248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28630936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28622104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27570536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28595392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32793856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30729936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28599552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28623072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27598496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24407248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28622520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28598112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28600672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27551696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1148736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10798400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28654208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28618672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31791392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32834176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31760320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31819360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12912096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10827072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27604384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29639808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26519496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30721984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22333376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28602672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24428768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26546400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23351472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26511680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27586816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27601760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25473384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25468784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30711744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25491648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23372512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31748720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30719232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 42021168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28606992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26518880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31742800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28607936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29670680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29647248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29693760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34910128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24419168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31780224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28609080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31742800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28598112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28622104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30729584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30691424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28623928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25477344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34899008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32802176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31778160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29651840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32790416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31779304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29684800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28599552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7669888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29699328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28597152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33620304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28620880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34955968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27569584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33845920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30761280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38060640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31750608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28612320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27591712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23372640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34897536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34908816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29664816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34902736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34938944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27615936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33874912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29711552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25494656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29666976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30687576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29678592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32823904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31809856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31765152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29672800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34921056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29714144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33869344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1157760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2407040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21310720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28616320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24467712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24421936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28605360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29677216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26515808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27553824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29688960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24446080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28617440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11863168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32832768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20256768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14977232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24454336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31764128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25475616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27567824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20226192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27571264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28630400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29678976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30717632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30720512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31759408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30728960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29658976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3232992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11852032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30733960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28665088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30727456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33866240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30747368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22372096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28617440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28605360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32810456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30762432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27576128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32835744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34933728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29665456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29660896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29661296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32834688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29668816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29681536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30730112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28614720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31759408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30717632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33855584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28618480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28635008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31759888 bytes
