benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 210856016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -20561040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -13317408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -64725216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 59012432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17058112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -28024480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -71016016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -58401392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 105107568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 121533824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 81197072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -83589680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 74723632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -47971184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 52742496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -117107328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 116654080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -167451632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 45337472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1372464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10916000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 41201648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16044896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3425376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 153396208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -126616928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 70582240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -16499344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2894384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25409456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 90603648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -17532576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -40603616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 107281888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -79397920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27551296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3931312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 110419072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -172753056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 173434336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -107570624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34894944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -77305696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34872096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -38479504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -13325584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 182750624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3945472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -207327952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 357632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 206973088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -95078016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -105637776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 62147504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -71011776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19187392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23388576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 81036000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 119797088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 181287152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -186253056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2816240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 82050336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -34290416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 158627520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -184229552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 40141472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 39067760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17043952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 95339408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2556576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4460992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -91977920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 75791360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17060080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -100375600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -24855648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 50621952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3904496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 189006112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 44462576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -240871568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 156521792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 73686704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -221990480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 161782944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -66807712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 86251360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -51087568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 106155840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -76108880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 165963600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -64718336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16033088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 57968752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -91979936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 43329824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28577088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -170579408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 230780000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -42545584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -186327952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 187967696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -52156512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -136026624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 117725648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 53777600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -134981792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 49602160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 115438576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6695952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -81476176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 93579360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -56317824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 62175008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -67868752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -20671056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -30128176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 124056912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 43290416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 100035248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -78368944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 59030768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -21712480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1841856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -104540704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21245328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 63236432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10741328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 42289120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -25839280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 90494656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -82547920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 125050112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -58429392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11835152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -107712192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11839584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 110360096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 144606512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -52048800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -8080832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -54225280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -12268144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 99857328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -55284064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -78304496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 103002880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -93028608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 191983920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2735120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -91978256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -68912704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20197472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 129268848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21160808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 89445728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -54249008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -49024368 bytes
