benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31500608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22368576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24409552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8687808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16053440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24440032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26514104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18121312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28612136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23391784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29683240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27582656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23391784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30751264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18118816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26514104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30723336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25473920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27562576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1151872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34895376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29644112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28604656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30700928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29696192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25473920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21267120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27561584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27555360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25489992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29659728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27583712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27586088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28618856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23360016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25462384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25461344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27558496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23388672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21314080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28614976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26537512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6590544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27587872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25488936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17076416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23377032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 39925920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27549136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23384448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25462224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29655728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29685528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26534256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29655968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22340832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31761248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19170816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17061616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29717200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31760240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13951960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 36994720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20261472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1811632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6619808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33859152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34920224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33894496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27600928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30732784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33880192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8708024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23376416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16071104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38804032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23411904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27583712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31753888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23408288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26556960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9726368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 36995808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7664256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12899952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28617184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13939008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26519504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26506464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3471616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16051424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29656984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6563416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9742288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32795144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35966864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4513632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29688320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24413648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12878192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19178648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25502432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38091872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5540400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10792184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30417768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28618472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22328360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12920480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1749584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28637632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27586264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28640088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6624928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22325464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2394080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28636448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28603776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30710704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9762560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2407968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3468224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22346816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27552160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38050464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9732704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9762080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29683872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31758128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33858832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26525920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27555280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29653472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31749424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35696552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25461744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27562064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1747520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13933480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21277504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3896784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34909696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30748768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2829480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5566240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32808992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1367112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38085280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24450784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30702544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12887808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21285304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12878400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26568000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24418592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20218304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6583776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22327576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16024000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4521632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9763328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28617976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18135288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28602816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21031424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33871232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1757088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 36996208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28630880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11842256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25491680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4491872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18152512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3892576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5564032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12887984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3471104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23372952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35972320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11861760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24405040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5581984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38075232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11826576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3488288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1771296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10824576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3868160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30711576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24440480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17070576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3847808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33847712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29366264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3452648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1775040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33845776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11853928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12909056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25493344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14975664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29663352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23361056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24465728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17081408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26523136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24392016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9732784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15008640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25491968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20249728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26511568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -780648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4520448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24420384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14981792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14992616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22325520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2393552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31810712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8695736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13956160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24181960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3881824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21272016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1799552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28612400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14979424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27566288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4544992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1794016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2820736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21298624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19169856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29665792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12908672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26515360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19173984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -741624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4521248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37006376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5563528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6653416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10837112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2852544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28616448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3871192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30713864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31783904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -755312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3172016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30711648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15011776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3476512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24418416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12922976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2427680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28614960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16026544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3865376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22344320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27599584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26564464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -754288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4500104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25465248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5586016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35958152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30726976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2832824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3869536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14997824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2792440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35944912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27556576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -749792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16025144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26538624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25490912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30532512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19232336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 338816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2443888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13954752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1773120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3449392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10821248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 318336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13938496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16032144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23368816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2445536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14998784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18132648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27603328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6635904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22310704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20231656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10824384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12901856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7645104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33857360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35971176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12921728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -743504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15006176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23375944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4533408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4211592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24467648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27596480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3852144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6614816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29677216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35950544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9776192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20230304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18123152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35946864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -710816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19228488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 295280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33870944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10822144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31777248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30738752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34936512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38069208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19197632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20236640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27559376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25510272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2847168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6592560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19199744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22302656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32831328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26549056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18880088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33886720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5538480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13933216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20222648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20216624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19150360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19181552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16034448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7635520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38050816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5537440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37001096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22324288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24459808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30748672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28636928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17079024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16051752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24442624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22321824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37004464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2392752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6300920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3453616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22339040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2852208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26508720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26551200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28649312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23391784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8684208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16053632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12932912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 36993344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6622432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33856512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7699600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10811904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3472064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17071776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20229896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24414896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14974624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 39891696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20220832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16027344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20228368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28646112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7664832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16055552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18125376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2824992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13956480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4513408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23392416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24456352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24423904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25461424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28610752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26538480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28654112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24409632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27558336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25458928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26511760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27562856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27609024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22347608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20220912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38831312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21267360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18145888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7641632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8716096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38053576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20230008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20217744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8682128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24423320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11870944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6615680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35941488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7635632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20247616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19140136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20227696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19165808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22313376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20217312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17070736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22355456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20190296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22309456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20217424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20228224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19165728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22325552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20225952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35685240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22326840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25494008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24417408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24413648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24413648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26518008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22320496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23350112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25457744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22320256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24409536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18125952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22346688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22303056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23368832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23395712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24444200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24445952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24412848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4510848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16086232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5552088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20273504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10782080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19205024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18142744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16057632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13957088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 40917032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19171568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26516776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25459072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16055232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16076704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20271216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26505840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25430296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23370272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24412928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19168928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22333616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21252080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24449248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23396224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25492864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26516000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18119200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26532848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18119872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23387208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19169728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24409536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25461264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23362992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23395976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24412848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34627632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19179968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19164208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19169728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19190176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24433144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19179248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23399904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23360592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22369248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19165248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14969264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26540864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27564792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25478224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28617392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26494560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25461008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26519280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27562640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26516216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24419240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27572272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10797632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5515776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6312184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6600896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3496288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10807776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16049888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8713600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11879512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10836072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20247552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14984944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23394528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24422128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27571480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23380192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24398208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23359632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27601792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25458128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26522080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25464912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24437304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25468992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21279496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26507600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26522240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25466408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35694984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22339072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19169088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22322784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7647472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15005728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17102112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23368640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22366656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22321920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19175392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24426776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21276184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27556496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24466400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22323528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26509904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30421728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21245712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23368832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20271520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19167648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21288472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21271760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20224384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23368832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20192808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25461104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22340480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25465984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23368832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21273520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22356992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20223104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22316496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21262640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20219264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25465984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19174528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20239896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5534720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13989704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24471824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20247680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17071536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20232176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22320256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27286192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11852384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15026592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17124992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15000160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16079120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17080112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14969744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18176272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17103520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14990088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15030648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16052256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19224952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17090032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17102816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19189472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20247968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17082464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18143096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19184864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16022880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20273528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6603656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19177088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20215424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16019200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18149408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38818384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21264400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14974384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22323960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23370096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22332088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20225552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25454624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27608960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9707128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5593816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13982072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7666464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27567376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9745568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9760448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15003584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11839080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15003680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8713120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12927816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9760704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4498168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13962688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9760800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13956000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13975144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10836552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8712224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15744536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12882192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16034448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2396504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21293920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2381136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2399320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29663264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37000656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1801792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23360816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31793888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4501488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11836416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8692888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24418208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2399144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26539776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26522768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21271040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26508720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25503680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27606688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25458368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 40911000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23346968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24425616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17098464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23391784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25462544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23377040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26556960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23365072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19180584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24417008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23353792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22326664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20265504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21277184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25468928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21314080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25461584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 41962976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14977952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23392840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6586816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20247552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26508080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22316400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25468208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23352656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27605536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19166752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24468608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23376512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22362656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23377040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24460960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23382560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25508384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30426928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16041120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16039456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13935976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16040984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16032920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14997856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14992288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10794736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13950240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10810272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10803648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17101632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12878152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17089560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16019680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26538816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21297120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25456544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22316896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24407328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24407200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25462624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21262240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25456944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24413408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22309728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25514112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16036080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24421408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 39872784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24410848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21263280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25457504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23360432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25458624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27570416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23419360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27555696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23352832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21276400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22338480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22351920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25462064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23404280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23361152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26563552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29633968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26519936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23357632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26511680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24419592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24415480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25464704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27559296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28619112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27573528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26501200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21255120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 36726720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21264640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24413488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19188800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25461024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24424528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25462032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24406528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25474416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26510560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26519280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26519280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20209136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25457264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23361072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23361712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24451360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25488672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25472944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25462064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27570496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18141568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27566224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27534656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28622104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25477344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25473584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25457584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25457744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25461984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38844832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24436192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21273248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17075376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24426304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21296888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20220304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22302656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22312336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20221024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13929952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23374536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19171728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20219264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19172768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18124192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21274768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24415392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21271720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19172432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20219264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37763896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26565024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25464144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27557040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24427360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23365792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25464384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25465440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26511760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23360016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27560336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2836672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23374184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6556208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5569120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21293920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25453824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24414608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25457968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24412208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26511760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24414608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24420736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25464224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27561536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25486688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 39925856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28608912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30719256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22347168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25461568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23367152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29658768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29670680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30714240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27554160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26505744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28597136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31742864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29667576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22318800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28592912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28620608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23359856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8686768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25489088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26494720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19173720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29656448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24402832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28607872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29669184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29666808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26520200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29659808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35662368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22317776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24450568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25473184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23360352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23417536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22340536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22310176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22312576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22310176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24409408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21262960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24408928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25457264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20272864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21266560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25457584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25480208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27570512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24439648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23361392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27597088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25474264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26521760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23388832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27553776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26546656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26494880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 37799232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25461424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26495120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26507840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23356112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28607552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26504400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25456944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19181728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26506880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24409088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27560256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26507120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25501432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24424960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10777520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22334464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24407968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22343424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21264640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24408928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21263920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22312816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1339696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23381896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22312976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26507600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32533664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23356672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22310816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23361392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25499936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24431792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23357952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24465536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19170608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22329040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26505200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22332800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22316336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24434608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26541408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26502400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21284224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22317376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21261600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26510640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18131072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21280992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21262640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24408368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25475912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23358912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25497120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34619376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19179888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25470688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26542056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25452064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20225904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17074656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24426864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22321856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25458528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23366112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18123152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24418096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26521056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24424848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23373392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23395712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24424256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 36728080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22326656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23360016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21296712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26515424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24408752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23378056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21292632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22312080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21275440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21275520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26516400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24408512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24426592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24409168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21268960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 40930688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27587744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20224944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23374576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26519600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24420288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21278968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22318496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28613552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25479632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26516320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25457088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23375872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27565936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24426304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21276680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27564976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23379224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26564704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23354272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24415728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25473104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26512640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 36713768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25514528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24436256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23376472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18122912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23387008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21276224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20233328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24464672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24428592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24414608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23348256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19185472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21264320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23359072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23379776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19192840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23400672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23383056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21268640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23359792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16076832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22358816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19178912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22315376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20196840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18134736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24417240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23361232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3451208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27580864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28658976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28616912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21275912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28604192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26516680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26532448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29668720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24421200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22330160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26505280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25455824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23362912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24432032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24430112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26537344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25453744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21267360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21264480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23360512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19187472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27562176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25471272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23383216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24409728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24428512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25475648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 39858576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22314736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23364752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25459184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24427472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23378736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18119232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24433552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25478904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27559456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26542816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25482624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27555296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25470216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24432032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21282944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24409568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25475888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24414528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22316096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25456944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26511680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23353952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26525504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20203792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22328880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28620576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27568336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25494432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26525424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 37766136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27559296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22297296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21274720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25459584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24421248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22346136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26506320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20211984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23419456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24465536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27565856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25477432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25463824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27559376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23380192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25500728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25463104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21278800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24409168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25458624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27566176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25476376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 51040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30717408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25485208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27566016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27611264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27574672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28604432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22303856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27566016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26524952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28598112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27551936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25468224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26521520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28662336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28620080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18136344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23374648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29652048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26521872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28595392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26500960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25471424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26522080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26499200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22308128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28614592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28600432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28598192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35703816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22371104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23361312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25511520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25469824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24422128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24442016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28632768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23379224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22323136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26518400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28600512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25476376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23369224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27611264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25481128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26518240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25456624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20230064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27564576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26498960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26498000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26501952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24404720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19178448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27566976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24401888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22323936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26504720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26502320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 36743360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16032272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21291728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22324864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21275488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23374400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19179616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22326944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23373760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17103936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25495232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25471632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22328864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21272608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25471472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20225072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26519728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23368240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25525408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24433280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22328160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21275568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19180416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23388384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 41959080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24422416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20230272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24438592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24422176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26520048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23370560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26544936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26528592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24423104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26529120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18126960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26532640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26515568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27566912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23387088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26510528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27568944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25460672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22327024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25474928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27568944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29658496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26533248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26524768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27567584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26518768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23373600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 40919088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23420480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26517312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18102512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28625984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26517560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27564704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31762288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28627904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28640384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25468752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28601296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23388096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25471712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24422096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28665664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21292832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23373360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24421216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27556624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23388096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23369984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27615936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28613680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27582304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24390432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27557744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28601520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23353712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21321984 bytes
