benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 92473648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 210112496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -318431168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8662368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 155447456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 159683408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -150678992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35965872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 63163584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12926368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 249572720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -215604112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 191145792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27582848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 50602976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -68880992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -52135504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -77278528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -100395584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 327482928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 344448704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -200936864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 140856256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -196873952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 157604704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -232478560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -35350992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 268708944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -163247056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 90439456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -8416208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 166098096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -89837168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 216301040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -247179968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 178558848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 107236944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -198948720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -94059040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 79992336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 293686128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 63348688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 109235992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -112980608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 348458848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -60548528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -215704080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 214229072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -198933936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 58965344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 220205520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -217661024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 245645600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -5954576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19157760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -129701040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 123995120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -213574088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 281310976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -192667552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 354412720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -362381680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 71623408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 48494368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -91938832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 73649456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 103084848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 88375024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -100390944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -154889984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 291499216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -257555568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 77907440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -112941760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6614864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 119821344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 82064208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 132422656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14820128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35911184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 134189888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27701104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -96145920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -58399776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 191114880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -121325200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 109344928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -94075504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -75192032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 113519264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10635040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 189183744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -31179328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -182127792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 54797904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 264506000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -5981568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -316364704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 279236896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -133973136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14628608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 285637312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -255538848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 88381760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 222587792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -161196960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -91950160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 147075632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -123412352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 149181968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2329440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 82169600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -20612544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 119844048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -148616992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 297440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 109354016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -29021024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 268240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 289456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -8443984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 212268512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -79400544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 100950928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -165375312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -31189184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 191146272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 56905840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -314279584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 295964800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 251665824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -163202672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 107299296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17092832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -154892928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 119823360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -142317968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21262688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 124077280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -31177264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 50305520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 109513968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 103056704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -89854832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -56372064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 136630496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -98313712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 75796256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -247169456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 275063040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 329241392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -209280688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38073872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -75156944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -87810128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 279227280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -232515024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 176503952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33829456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -50032576 bytes
