benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13653008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6590576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3472864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8711104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 36993144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8684048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28614952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2406384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5577696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12900608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20221296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35941312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38069208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18152576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32826768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13958976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 36984800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5575296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8714752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38053016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4490624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38045328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10780080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -713920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7667840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1743968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33853224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7634752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5570208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11574976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8687888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4544472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7664200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9758432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3492984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5594440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32832320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6581680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5567776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 327392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5569024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3869312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37004176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3440288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2794688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4520448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4519296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9763328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 324896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8714848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4520448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26279008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8683568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2417248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7664640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3858592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11852784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1770272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6617120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1769472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7664640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15034912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1375200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5589616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3473280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9785104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2819136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5568256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38054160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2391712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1771296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5587848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -695080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37002240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -751856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 345800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23098096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28649376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1827432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3496416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4525088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9759680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8713696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4518240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4501664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4519200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7665184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2450064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8713600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8734512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2819584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3470720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38051872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3482336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37003032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1760640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1772160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 326528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4540208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5561312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5569408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1372320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38051784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34941728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38822496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38092352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3440288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6640792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4516800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2419616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38046120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3842264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4519296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34899864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3452616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38050816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5551968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1772160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6616672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3468608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2422112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5567872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -721472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7664640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5596000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3470624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2794000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -714624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2819424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6617600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1752496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8714464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12613192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2396272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2448672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3874208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7661280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6616608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -725888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10796576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6616448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6617920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9762080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6617920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5593568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -717408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3855712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4512752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37009576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3478144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3852736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4512488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10810752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9783088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 325856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6616064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6616448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5597104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18901872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7639152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2448960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4503624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -727328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6617600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35952608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7632656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37004120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2392752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28613632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7665432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3495832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -722336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4518336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12936512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6643784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8741312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4521696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8714976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7674560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4547008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38053016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10781120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 352040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7665024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31763408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5548952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2422912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 36714544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30763232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5548688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3854848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3457400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34903240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5579296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4522016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -722720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2423392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2423296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1372320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1374656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -723200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -723584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37000744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -710720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -723680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38045328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6585936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32810136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5538480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1377632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7668608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3467424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3499328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4522880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2818624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9789888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2423456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18903584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4493424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9764320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6611552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9759680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 351624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5567680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2418784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4519200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37007728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5550000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2821984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5567456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 36998336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8723744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4516032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6616352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5597248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2448712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -715008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9762176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7666496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4519296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8693352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -714048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1383296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1374432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6309624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1348496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38080224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8696552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35955512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37019488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38038544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1343376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -704024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35957096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1763040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1752600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1393024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2447528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 324224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1370304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4498784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9768832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6617984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4538232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9761312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -722208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2421280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2441704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3854688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7630640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4519776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7684792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4519488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16794304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2846608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -721056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7660128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3487472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5596064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5595416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5564416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4521184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2448984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5585976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3471200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1751352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -721312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35976576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6642352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38052664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32844576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1795808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3491216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2819712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7694672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5587120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5577920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3491320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2819712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1373056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1376000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5569504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4518976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18950656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6591376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3471744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3455048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 323648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1771136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2446384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2823040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5588368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37006584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3482336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34907728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3482336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 352976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7692904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3468992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2441704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2790384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 345800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2441600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4539896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3869184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1377440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3498704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31761736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4493008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34908080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3452616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35975328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1357488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14704240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5542960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -720800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8712776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37001888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7635632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4516992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8711968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5567776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37004880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6586816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1373952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3467456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4526624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4539688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1381376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3868928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4519296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30731872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9728448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1771392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3869312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5569024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8713696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7664160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18894208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5551360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5569728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6614720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5564128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9765248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2442328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2425504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1772160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5570464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32810576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26532848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37027360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6617984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3852352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2415688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5568736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2424544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3502072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1373184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5569088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2425728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4520160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2819872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3472832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -722720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37005320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16868880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33897760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4515552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32807848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 294560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38050728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3838240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2828072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3841872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2819040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1773408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38046384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 334784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35953664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 293744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5567488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 345800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2442120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38053456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4493344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -723584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32809872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37017464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -693416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -723680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6635904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1772544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9456928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4496224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2421888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4495504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13947384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33820776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20257600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -743296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2446360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5566560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1772928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1771168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7664096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2795064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3495560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1768800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4544784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7662752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6614496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5571616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4518944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7664256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3494936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12907392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34900392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5536400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2422464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6615680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9760896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7662752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22048064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10782960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1776096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5589096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5567616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10835072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9769984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3833656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36994480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2810656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4519040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3469696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7664768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7664096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9769376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32806440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30725832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8705560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28630088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12874160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2799072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2405424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8717344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32829024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12920672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4532608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5509296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4468424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12884408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17079680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16782368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 323048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10806256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5544520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1360224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20204384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25472592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3901856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3831224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2434336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12871760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22347040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29678664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13957088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -725088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4517408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5566368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38080416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4528416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2821504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37028576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27579224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31756280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3437936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2421504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6642976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1397784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6614944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6617344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5567104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19952528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 308640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6642016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2417248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2419264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37004440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2392592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 325184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4520544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2423296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5570464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3477760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3473504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2423296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2422144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2418880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37004176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6568224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38050816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3490464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3470720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5569120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4520160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8714464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2425248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -720224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6616832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11838352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24422704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17099040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25185904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38075072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2796672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33857304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6630272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21300864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 297120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2443264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6619328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28616272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27587872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33879936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13969248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27568752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4501984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5554576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9739264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37004088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20231120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29678488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38018816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5561152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1771392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2422048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14979912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 303136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2842800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2400200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34948496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 40960904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -729600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3445344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6592304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13930272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6615296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8712448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1371072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6617600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35983840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8683168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35956304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5578016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6617312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5566528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -723584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6619040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1372320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5568256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35952368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27554864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26541152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4494888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29663000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4485408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29662208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12890192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -716832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16035560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21017632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4524072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17092576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5554400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 323616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 325088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12909152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38072800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8684128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 331488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5586536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6616832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5569696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12908288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1373088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 348296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1746216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17078720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17110080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12876112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31769568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2845672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3852208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3496664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37026240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2432416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3467584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19199008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3903024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38020696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34664304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28613312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21271920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31765192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2444480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35976608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31774848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3452048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15002688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15003840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7663296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3869440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6596672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3868640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10780240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25487360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2844128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37012360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19190616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34938080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6625568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4520736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8692472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8712224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4518720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7661344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2446736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8711872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3870048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4518816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14700864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5544800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2813152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4504152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3872032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3451792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3847776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4513016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -717536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32829344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6586016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8711968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21244992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31802208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4520576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6614016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8692384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1793640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1400136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -699200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6635112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6622560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7688368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6644680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8732160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6633760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4498080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1375488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -722720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8720224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11552640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7640112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1377920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3465728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2419552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3479616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4519584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5565472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6617600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 323744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1376064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1743656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1748088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2819872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1772256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5567776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -723680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3473504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -722720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5567872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2847816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3473120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33881216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2851088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37003296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11561168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5543920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2424736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2406472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4515552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4520928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37001008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7635552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37004176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3482624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3870560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6617984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 325376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2418880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5567488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2819104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25430432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6590104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 325856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2442120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5568736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8713216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5569024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14706688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4494384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1375296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38048440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3440048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32807936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2411200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1403112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14983200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37029504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1343136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1374912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1373568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32801568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4495968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30710784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6584560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7692280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4519200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6643496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4519296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25470104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3439072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3855712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2388160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19935368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 296480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2412224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3486368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1356320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3487136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1764608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5552816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27561856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2407704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38043976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4486784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38046032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3437408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6625696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1771584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4502928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2409584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1361008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19169344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5538960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2831096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5548888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38043976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6610400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6605184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5555048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1783016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4499696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2410880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8465408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 37051328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33867568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1342016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34906584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -719040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34899304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2387232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7655080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2834144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5551768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2411080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4513248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -714336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2843064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 32788496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35985504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31762112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10778720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20221736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 291440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35947440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9728624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25464584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35943504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10840128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3882136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6598960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7652728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10820352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19948984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 308400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1782432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34887840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17078968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1344576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 331680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6595792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8720896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6597552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9749616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5576128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6604680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2810688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6623744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3849192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33864984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1768584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3455760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7653552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3457312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5557248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5594960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8722848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1789320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3471296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38045120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -756816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2408704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 333664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10529408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38099808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4481008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1774656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4547008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2823232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 304544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2418784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3479168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35979744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -734296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34905088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 297360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4518720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -715680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3871424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7647920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5567392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3886416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 332896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35953136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3444048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2838280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5548392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5566144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5577792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6627232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9744192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6627424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3451240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22039440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -750816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3455048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2833936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3453352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2818624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4516512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4515936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7650088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1384352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3476416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1354528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -724352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4528416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3871040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2418880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1770560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2818336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8701280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -696016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1381856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6598464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5549888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 335776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1355672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7671968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37004880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5565520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21299584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18909984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2843728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2406184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8716128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5565376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9745512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4519936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2418784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5574720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1355320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3889056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5547688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1759680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7671680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3450976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6597408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3888352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6623872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4517568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5574976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38038208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -728136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30709200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3444256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3915680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4497552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6598464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6598464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6614720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10508432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6587536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5556456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4516032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3487888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5556192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38069760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5533200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32826400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4485984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5555664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5548096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5548096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2410376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3479968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7683440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7672320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38070432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2427832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35972032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6584896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2812864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6602216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5555312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6605032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4498992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1361008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3458072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35947088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4485024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12609472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4490624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38073024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6594264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36995400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6614328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5576544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7679232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2410112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2409496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9777248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1361888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6605032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28634784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4527424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3459040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 344032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5555312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1361008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3479008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6609024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34925088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5534560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38044416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6610840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 312608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7658176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2409848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32826304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24138384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3876400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -716928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7683232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3487136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3458952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2411696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -715232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8702184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1361272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7653872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7655632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9751640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4526720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34900184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2430528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 333248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -735672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2831272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6596672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34923840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6619848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1356200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2432640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6618272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3490904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8693824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1362152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3458424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33850816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13646928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3892304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2451688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34902608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1350496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2407968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4549672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1375200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35957184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3442928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38057944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3427408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 323744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1374432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4522336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1376896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6644536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5569952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2821984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38051872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37032896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7683136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18951328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6596176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2426464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6600776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 36999184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2399312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2421184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31760504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1340880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1749064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3473312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4543368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8716384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4522176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4540000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2818944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5570752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38058032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7642992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2424928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6619040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4548736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7666560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7667712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4521376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23084680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1353776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3455048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 347400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34905936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6588896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 323936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30699008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11825296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20252544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1794352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1772544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 305600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -723200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -722720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 351456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38050816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34901768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 303760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38050816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2440352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3870560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3471104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3472352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3491424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6619040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 345800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27572008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21038912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2439296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2398728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38057768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1377320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3441760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22332296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3438848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1389984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1362328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6604768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6604768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2831360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7651320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3460096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2399080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2412048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35963608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6601520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38044768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3438288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1769088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3458160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7681344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3457984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2409408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4508760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3459480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34912568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7659328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 36699192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2391552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31804704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1772576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2832416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6602480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5555664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3471584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5558656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6605208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1785864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1748232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2409584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1784456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4506560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -738256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5553992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3845696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5569856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34924704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2389712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5556016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -708704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1784456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 36999272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5562176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35944976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 297120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4519968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4506736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17841904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5558704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1362152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5551792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6630368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5558744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2408616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35966208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5584064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30721784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7626992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6630176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8699896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6605032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7652200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5580928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4536960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4506560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28615360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3451088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3883016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6602744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3484640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3485888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5563232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3460096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5554256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 326336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6617312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37022240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18900480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 37036472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5530880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33873920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1391296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3890320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7651232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3488760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9769184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4527168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7651320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8720896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -729056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7673472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31753312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2411400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35934832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3465112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3485888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4540144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3477440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4508672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5554960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -701384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4499520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38071680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2394592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2824384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5569152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7652200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17854760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -740976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6606176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2398936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3475040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3458424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2835408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3475808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1784720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7674336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34922592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5535600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -736144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7658592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6624320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3850856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6623648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3465824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4506472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2408384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4526304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 37022240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5563056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2832416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3490216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 346216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2430496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4534464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1763808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11820896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25230056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 331616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27582560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -729056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19161328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10793200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24428888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11822608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21317360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20225904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13926688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23379696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23391840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21294688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25455984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27570656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9767136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26533920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17066016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18125256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22320120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23361632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26517440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24405248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26504032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26503360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14966176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22353344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24131032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19188416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9743520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17102736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20236416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23372224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19226944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22331712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20231952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24426656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20229792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16034608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19213568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12894240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23380136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21274288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22328784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19177056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22327744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20227792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24422096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21293408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13938096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22343152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23386752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4498256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2423200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6616712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8701600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1395000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34619624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13956360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20226368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21274048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20228512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25462992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24425696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19180320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14990720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15006552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22343064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14986912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26537456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16044672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21294488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13960616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20258496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23367920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18120560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22339840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12877600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18133824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21287488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12861552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22355648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16033728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22345440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10790768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27566864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26225152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37007728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33869984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20262136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22330304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3474560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24452128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16049440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18134088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18143840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14995856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26543136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18132656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24421568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23422784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26509648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23374432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22371328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24421296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2401920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1373568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18172112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26531136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19175296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27556544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21300256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26521008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27540816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23372640 bytes
