benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28334328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13949760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23389824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20219344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12877472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18150688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19182872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22324864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13928848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11861952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17103360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20229864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19171056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23362832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22318896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17085048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19197480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22326696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19168848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10786240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20247936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18130800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20224848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13930096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38837288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23352008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3440208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26540640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23362992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5582944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -701320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21296704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5538400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23394528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18168256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8707144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23366960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13927088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22342880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24401232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2388992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25489568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20216128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13925808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22335584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10780320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24440992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23369520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19216928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24425536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8683168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38819296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20218464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38068832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20262912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9732704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34909256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19213184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20229072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32837312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16024960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22346496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37030336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22356704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31787488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21283072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10783120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26521880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20223440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12877152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 326144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23395744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23408736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33877104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25462144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31787744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24413456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18118776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1795160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27281216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18121600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4512840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18150688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21273248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3441088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19230048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20219744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22356032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37028832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16025040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2818688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19225056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24410608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34941824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21261008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1346064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21297824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25462224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38036640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16027504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -694272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21325016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -753056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3860416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20242272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3855616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37768248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25435264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18092208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16046032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23419648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12921728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26545376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22291472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16031104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19225056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18132744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25471016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26510720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14979152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24438976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19176360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12921376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13963584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6618784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13958816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21325120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25461184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13933216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23422168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23417056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13970592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19201312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16058688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 39874176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10770960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23377992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25477288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25460272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18120272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21289880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16051248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16053536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27616576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22329328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25462144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24416208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21267040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8684208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20244576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22318704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23365200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20218464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24412768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22338544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14974624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22347424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18120112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23387208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14975584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22345280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35670936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1345296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26536800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25467552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10781280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23403488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6604736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19200512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22326784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1345936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24442240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24418096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9741376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22346400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23403712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9785664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17103904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24423848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1354296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23392416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12880800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22347104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20219264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12877232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20247936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17072576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19203360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22332856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33575392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30763328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19216928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21270960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33904288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8669424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34906408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23400608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33894400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18120112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21272104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37053968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23428760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13926176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37004176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37040224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24420384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3855424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19192816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23378200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1748672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24443392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23370400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33892576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35675224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30747040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10784624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17102112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3894688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16054784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20248128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3903920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20247552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25459264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34947392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12917952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20246688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34942016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23422584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1350640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22354624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16027680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2820736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22344992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21274384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2851168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24452064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9740232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35956744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19169728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -736520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20250816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38838400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18118432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18144240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23385976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13941808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25521544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11874976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25510272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19168928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25462352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17076816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18135904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14996312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9787664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19199648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19180088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9730784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17103232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18129544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13949672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19228944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21277328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18122080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18145384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21264080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12857176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18170136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34621232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11831536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20243040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5540448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19224536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21302816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18122480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17109184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18133800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13930576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17127592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16054040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18142592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14972032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16053824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16050848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13957408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24442720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24419240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21251904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21268048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20219472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25460144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18125152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23386064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19216928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18132920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14981968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21004240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21296512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18121392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6611048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16072984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22373176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20258272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4540128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32809432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7677792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17084072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17085480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3469808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24471576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21288800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15016672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24443616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23365232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14977424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21277584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7636432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21325640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21266880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16022160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6626112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18161888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20242624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20216544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21264720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6307648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20222064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20260800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32842368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22311936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22316544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35990592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16067648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16054496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3869696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20249088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3895936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19201664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25473656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -773304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24445120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11827856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37002240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11829696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20247936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37039264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22320944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21275344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1345104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18150784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19195104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37037440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19206016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22328384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7355016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18118176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2396152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10808256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5546808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13955520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18150400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4513984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16053248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3894576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21278208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3439472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12878432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4519200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21271504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 295600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22344992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20219408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38080576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22356704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13927936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2821984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21297088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12877392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25180808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19168928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16021760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25492992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17071744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22304080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9741008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24442144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16013120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18171176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20206928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16085672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24442144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12884904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18150688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21273512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14974544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12910784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5537440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20247936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19173408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9745552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24443296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22320944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32525592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21307360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22364384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26489600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21271224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8664816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22343712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18151512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23384920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20218384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16020000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22370344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17066496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22329152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22324144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17109216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23384568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21310336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18120112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20241392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24411568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21284224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22300416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16024160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26537888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22318864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22347400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20217664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37770368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9775232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -710176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13958592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10810496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34896520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19208672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13960576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2420064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16052704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21293632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8682976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20246432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20216464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2854368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18136608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21298112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11827856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20247680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26506800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14980432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22342560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9763776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27591136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22314224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11829696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17127048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21280752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12865552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36726528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9737744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31749920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8724960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15026800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31744632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16027104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17126736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30701712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14997456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5594400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31774000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9741584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16080160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33881120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19198976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19167808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3842080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18145384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22321064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29690112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20214912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18171680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19169112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8682928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33858360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17087184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14990264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28617448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30425088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18129376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -738608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19174072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3445168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10810848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11859520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3493816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20246688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17076336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2407704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12907520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19200832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1353328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18136608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18145472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35945104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10778000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10809504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5537440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16057920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 293520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22345088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16023520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4518912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31471176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34896592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25484096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16038960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13955424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19220896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19173488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18125312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27599296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14972368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21296896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21272544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20197640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10780640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19199264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17071776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16077248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20247840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11832816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23392416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19220352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13939080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12907904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18170760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21291200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19179232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17115040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 36725768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13927568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20243040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20227728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12879872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19200992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19169808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11843632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19200992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13938768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13984856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21298624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16024000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1762016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15026696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18172944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23370664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15026624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13989456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24445824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16030368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20248704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18121312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22323144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20218464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17082096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17088032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17086040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33575248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3839104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12909472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10834472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2794792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16077872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15029296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35954224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18119312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16048160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2795144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10828064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19216672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -754176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16053152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16050144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33871424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2415424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7666656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4519072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18176272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20253376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12873312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19197632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20216464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6587136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20273528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24408688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1348096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18157280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37764512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30742048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21298560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16023120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29677120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5549736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1769280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7637856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13980616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9761696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2792504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6595056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -720800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33877056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20257056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17049032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26505600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21243264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17072576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35958864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12873312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37016864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18159904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17097504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38050336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21308128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17071696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -739344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21295136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 36719248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 300880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17097088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21284424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 298944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16054112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22374880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1349984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13936232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21299392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3837536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21290848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20219264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1343856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19198688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20218744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1801632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13983776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23395392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34911184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24416272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38104832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21275440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22323344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1821304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24449696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20218544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34948224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20261760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31470680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13963904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13951584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15001312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5597728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16051328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13953120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8713600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6581936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18147520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12885784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15003808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20247072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16022160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22344992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11842704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16054944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20247072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11832944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7660944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24137416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18156768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17083024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17071936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18121072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14998512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21294280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21267920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13925808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22344704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19204096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23401120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24408688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21271456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17080720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17102176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23392752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15023872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22373696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21255440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18122352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20242800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15756704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18118976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9737680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25490720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16028464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11858176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18150976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21292256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6586816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21298912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7705424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20225248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13963424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21296512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21255504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8682128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16053248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13956096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11828896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19200608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14973504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18131600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14725384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1345056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25479400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1788000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25491392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20219104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2854848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23381456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16021360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -707904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 15004480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21284368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 298400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20236520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16018320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3861920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22335144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22311216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38064600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16058144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -734672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22327928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13922608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1755232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21285512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19164448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 36991200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23358144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23426400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7408984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20219344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20213664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -756096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17084576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17117056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 308704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21290752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23358752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3901504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12895344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22332440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34934304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22313536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23359792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1804112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18159584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20217480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1805712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9749616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21286152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3475440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20248512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20216944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33884232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22317376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1803632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22352576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19166208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31483928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11847328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17081352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12910784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21303808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20258640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6583296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22360640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24407328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14976008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20230776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19168608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14974224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20241888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23361872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6584496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17102784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23379224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9772088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19209312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24407968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11827288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19183256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19172776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9726944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17089384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20247520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10784000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9771424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16041072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37771400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18128312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7639384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14988216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23390688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18148520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18152800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17074336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7647976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17129360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13940344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21275888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19171728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 15019840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18153184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20228480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18125056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20226192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20219264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17073536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11843392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19205056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9732464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18130160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21272016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16027040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20227576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14975104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8412592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20230544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5540000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19195616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18158080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10785112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21295456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6614536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 15007456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17102208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19185888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16022560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19181112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18124320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10789888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19178824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16036000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10819776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21326680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22318320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3443888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17111744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19174864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10820160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19209184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17077296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13941512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23377968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18150808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17081608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37770448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22322096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38060256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12881312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23374184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38099840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19172688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22355680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34938400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21290816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2847328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18154432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17085984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3857600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13941368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12913600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38051608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21284656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19171312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33852016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7662760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16033888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24419352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19198240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1356960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2421024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3452472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31751664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4492744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35735072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19191792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35944704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10777440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32814184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15027328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18170968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27612032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10777440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6636112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1791936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16041072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20267912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3438928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8720320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18168160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4498344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10820192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17109632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17105472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17084688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13938960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19179584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13923248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20268640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17074416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6598928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16041072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16041072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14985280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25189376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17126752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13921888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19186800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3437408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18170656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18141616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19178408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12881320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18139368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14984104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13946120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22330856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9728864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23377704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6623280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18139368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16035672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2832416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19186800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18117312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35939264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19203904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19165008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29681976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13935176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18133472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38063280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32538704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3837664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38038736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15009864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18150400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34892448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21268800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18118512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36997360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5538912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14992760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2833384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21307392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19166528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2388832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16052096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18140160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9744216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22334552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13922608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16042216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20236784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22310816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18118992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19184192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21272216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17072176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14989944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21283336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32538672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19206240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9740448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16028344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13960000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20245728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14978544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12909984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14982784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21296128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13925232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9763008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22344704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30731784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5535264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17079136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29661728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18130624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18130624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38050736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23381160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7689184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22038032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21275680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13933408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32793616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16032640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15003808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3867776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22307136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27592512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20225744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13939872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24446752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17077976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18135320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34949088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20244928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1793072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21297344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21277584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1791488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19201152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4489456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13959360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12938280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18152416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17084336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20233760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14695960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18133392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19165712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8683496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9745536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20250304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20222144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13936528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7687080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16082968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21296128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13920288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13958016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18148576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2407504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18178768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14981024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16055168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16056512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1404920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13960512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17103840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8690600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13957408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20246688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1794272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33589536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15028288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12892264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11857216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10812576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5554168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18135936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1339296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14993112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17088504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33843392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13951928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17089384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27556576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9724144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18132648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35939664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19184432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19169648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31749440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1344960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21285008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38093184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13971712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22332528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5554144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15006880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15006880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12908576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20235640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 36746208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38078184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19215840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18135616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4522240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18141392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16036352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8731264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14991352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19188120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9734544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23381104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16073184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11862592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16041072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4504800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19187944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12894016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19186800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2396968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19222976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33847312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14983568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11875648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2409408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16041952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7652464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20260128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18119072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5566976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30429968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19192512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16038728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16040808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16040192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18137344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17081344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12893296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13944184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18137960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17081608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1350416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10796872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19189000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4490224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20259744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13942592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38070048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14976144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22331208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28655840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21255760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19168368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34896128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22363680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14973984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38071776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13976032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23416448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 342720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24137440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14992544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24415424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20224864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13935408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26504672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12870032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13965024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24434144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12879312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17109504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33840992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19217088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19187536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5545600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17089264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13943008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7687536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16061888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21282544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13922608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7647392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16039928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18164128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20229976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16025040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4506736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20256384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18130752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21274856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20998752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19172208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12893792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12916160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14992440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7687120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18138400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17074656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18133352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9743072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16073544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18158080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10786928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14992496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13943920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13962144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15020128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13963200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2412048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13950048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -761024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29649168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -737056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27560064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21307008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 37045408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16030640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29680960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9723344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14998624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20993264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2420672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22348736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9732144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18139368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18133264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9744392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18140512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15001760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1390944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10829184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20235112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3892464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18163744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20219680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33859968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17079136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16031624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24439424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11828256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20239776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1351296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19189616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19174184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4524832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18168448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2402248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -733944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11848968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11553968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32784224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13986560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3448656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13941760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25456872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24435808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1368960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 311552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17086528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8698112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34891680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17091520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38065168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 339280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21284128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3452816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2420672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23377216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5595936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38058432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34920288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3451616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1361272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2836464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2836376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1384512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3858944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4519912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 323808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33556336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1780528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 323072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21277184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3508576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2430592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38058240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 329216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6603008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30724384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29695680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2411840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3839352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5556800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -729088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3479072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3854304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7656832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3480416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3883808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1360128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3868352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4503656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2835320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8699016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35960608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5575088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4521584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33864416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8730176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13665952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2405840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38056416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2839120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34907136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31813408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3915472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -736000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1767072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2425984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33862592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4524224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3845176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38046944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1757520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1777152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33870400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31812352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6593024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22332608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5538048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4532352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21286240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4495216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1747608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19179552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34903456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6595424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19194848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1346784 bytes
