benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 182454432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -91850592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19224064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -81521376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -18540384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 314870992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -96183696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -209431488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21250912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 84180528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 243267344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -22675136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 52773712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -192620288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 98835936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -138135600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -50038800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -20656976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 163852112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -24859968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 149089408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1672704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -98248624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 153422432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -203115920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3926592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 272927312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -110859184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -180052784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 176464544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 222290864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -167343328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 201632192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -41641088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -56321744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -75228880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 186948080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -192625488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 212122976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -142351296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 335735440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 419168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -314225936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1805040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 262410896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 67399920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 274795224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -180037424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 184840736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -138121296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 100696560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -81389408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 98914704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -60503712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -18561568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 155466848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -14380880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -54238704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -87778944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 170159744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 127948320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -142179888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 172274448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 159673632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -31166288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -314268016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6601760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21269520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19143328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 182797424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 148917120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -10093296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 214260352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21124768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 239361728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -112956736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 79985216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -163271648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -16532576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 168093600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 165640704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -68749472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23395024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -37452528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -79405184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 281334720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -140210096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 138688640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -270239696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 249880896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 138679600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -144306672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27563568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -5990160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 275026224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -43721472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -140229360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 197452064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -41647440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -188427152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 314928400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -322555536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 52762048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 182772000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 46439968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -167471168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 52724944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 44362256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31707744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 90479360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 243244448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -207138672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -52123632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 103057104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29626768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -60493440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -83631488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14988944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 46431520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -22780720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 245373856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -257535232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 228889040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -108723312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6579552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1818288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -31145472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 178526560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -16459392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -129723888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 316837008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 176331384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -29042288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -150692432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 291764384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -188419488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 296512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -8123808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -110822976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 254017328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 264260752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -68793712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 50681904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 54842288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -268136096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 98840064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 157609936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -79394208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 86285360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -310087104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 130066240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -87663088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23345040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -85644208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 100955248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -43754416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 149206304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31747808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -188472976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 46434624 bytes
