benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 195482224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 92690960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1799584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21256272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -135978816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -201060464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 285528896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -131830080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -16488976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -71018624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6391536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 103148864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -96151120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 184869808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -133936336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25481648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 201609984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -245089168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 126108784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -37421536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 335578736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -349803360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 323262016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -102442640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 69559648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4455344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 42269360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -333175296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 312771552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -171644304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 94401456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 161875408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -96128784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -119248144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 226800016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -219886640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -73129712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 75792896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -62661232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 214224096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 94446400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -77132864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 295973296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 52587224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 220494976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -242987776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 289727360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -272329888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 199506064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35936352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 226623296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 67550768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -121335168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33859040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29668640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -255579888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 268741776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -14407872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -47910224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -127639568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 291551888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -223997296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 73754752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10759088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -87760080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 174352064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -26947936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -142304240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 189052912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -121370832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 285209056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -129606736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 88404272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -22772800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -112936848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -58418000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3918576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 92577296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -45810752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 40147072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35632208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -49922304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 67461152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -35365312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 115670912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 75762256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -203111200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 205803904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -8066736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -182178160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 157260736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -24789392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -12217440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -41613968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -39560672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10742496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -81471616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 323282528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -41680352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -102448848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 275052304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -110753600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 151304160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -54220784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25450192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -253442688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 46399008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -52099184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19162784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 178525104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 184778736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -167349552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -35334448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 333724880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -96145888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 88348432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -194697168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27545504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 90472048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -259763648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 287300960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -196735776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1772608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 54826416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 52742624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -188449488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 144955008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -85684720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 42262592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -64746416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 136296752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 189157200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3910688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -10171072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -337366768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 121931392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 191134224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -291197760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 88394064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -94077472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 83908176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 117825344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -79375904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3848928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 140783392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25449792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35957056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -60553088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -87803024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 86282432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -5802768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 119942784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 216339440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -186383632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -68903072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 264548688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -117151344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10747728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 103043536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 237239856 bytes
