benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22033672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2808640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5564032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35954720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7677120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2820832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -723392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3908144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5557016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4520160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7664928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6617600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7667616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -722432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3831328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12899248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -742800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32797432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22358816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25510208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24414608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24422976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12880824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19201184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17073616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 105152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1764224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28639232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25485416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28607872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21294808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21268160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14976464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23395776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25463792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23412864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22362656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21285408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21267008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24392088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16023200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5568736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10813152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21297376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22333984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 115856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4527328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30741280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27569664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19160928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27603840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17071440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24413088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24413808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27562064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24441416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24410592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19174592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22333984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20220192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21256080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26510720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23361936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23384360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22316496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25468768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26506544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20248544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19169008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22327280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26244128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18159432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18144328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18114640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18114640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19173456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16021280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19199264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19179032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13925008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11837120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20246688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20220512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19225728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24424112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26509760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24388480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25461424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18124752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25467816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19173328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27568520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28610416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28606800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26539800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27586088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26506944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25465424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 103608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8695736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24450400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19176360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26509680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17078560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21288736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26485776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24418976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24413696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20219264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27556496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24412576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17068704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24413968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19171728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29666992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24442648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23366032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26510800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25466408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25467640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26496960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8690336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24470848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3896944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22349440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19172096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 36766056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16025440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20232264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25461344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23363152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26553504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21271400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24469184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10792184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24470848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14981792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19202784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26520208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13932192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21298848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23364320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23417152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23367472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22362656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17074816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12898808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3833512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21289968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17069376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23385888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10782160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17102208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24426480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17076976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24442648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35699768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22360544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14975584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1771008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10818944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15033704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23397920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25464464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23365072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26521920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21272104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20219264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18123152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24420560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20223648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27557216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25463872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26511760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28613280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27560944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27572296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13928416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28640608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20232176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28608112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27564704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28331720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24455200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20225728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20216144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18128576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26535224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29644688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18133616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29665200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24419392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27559536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26507664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25467464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27547856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22329328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24412608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16024960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25491680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24401808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23365232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19181888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26509680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25459872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22327696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20218464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16022160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1097008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -716800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25492960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24418976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25463184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26522480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27565760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30702848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19166352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26509760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17071360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25483128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21278720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26498000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20216464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25461184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26513136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24418096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12886488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18121312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27582304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19166512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21270960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27566480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23394248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18174272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 72128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6617216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25492960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18126896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18128136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26533992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17072544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29657856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18149256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22316248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28606032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24426480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26529888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28610640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24414112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20274880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25469792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17076576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12893120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24441824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25463296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24424848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24418448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18124576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25485416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16027760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25508920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33629512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22345184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22318000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24413008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23385696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22368576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16024160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24462840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13925968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26558952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18124592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26509680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20251920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24423536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25491008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25462224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27570816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18134056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 36003208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14975424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22374632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21254960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27566560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22340960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23358672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25514304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4528096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26542784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18176096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24436840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17072736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26537688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26511040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25464824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27558576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22344968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26497920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27562680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27560880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20244864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23404416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19209568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27570808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28615056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30720224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28612656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30717936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27570720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30709808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29692960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22316144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26511760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21266608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28604912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26539800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38843000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22320680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24409552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24418008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21269040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14991792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20248320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25462328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21271224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26508880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22365536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27560336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13930848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23423936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17143648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23365232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23412384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21282984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24400688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16033536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22346432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 41964376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26514880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13934096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23423248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16067456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25490720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21268928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25462384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17110624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25483920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16005568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22346240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26510800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22293928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26556960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26521320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16021984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24442144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16033712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24444576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25469928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37783136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18181576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17089712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18127784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19178120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18131120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20222736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17074096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17069320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 15003176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22331560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22350112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20210688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22318784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16024928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24442240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20224584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23373680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22360160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 36008200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23401472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21272784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14976464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33627328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10792400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17098368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8697664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19197344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19177616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18159680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17095400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17092232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21280576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19168928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11832656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19201504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16021120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23368784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25492600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20224944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22324976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25447104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22322096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26510720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13961248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23396096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16053216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25470952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26496240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21273456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22312256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 39855624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22318712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24444288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24419856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22314736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25460464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16030544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26546592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17070224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26528272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22319536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24444288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26508720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26506080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23368288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20249984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21261920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16023200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27586752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25502976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27564576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24409456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22314416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21298560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21265840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27562336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17087416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25480576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28338176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24398768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18105232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21273808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25465984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25461424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27593944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27561760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14972352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24441984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16055136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24466168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14975744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23393408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19170128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24409728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25461184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21273120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23364032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19201848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18125144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24418360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17105056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25475848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21266880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25460544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24418848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 42030912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22324816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23360592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23408352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23372672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18174944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24435608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22327488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25473104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27556496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25476376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19168928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23420032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15018880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27587872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21282072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23371928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21320672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17070736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24427800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20221984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23372576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 61984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29696928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26552928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22321536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24409552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30755456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21300640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14981888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23413952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10791600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24441856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25469072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23375952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24466400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24446240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16024000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24443104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17073696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26521992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27554240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24427800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24443872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24412768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27567776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23379224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 36721320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22326752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7689184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25491680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14979504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24442624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24417040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22320328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21270560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23417824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13933864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17103072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28615456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25473104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24412608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26543488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21271120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26513440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17050904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25476376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17084496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27573528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24401232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34676080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19176048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24441024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20243040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19165808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15006240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23392128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16033504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22323960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14952816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20246464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23360112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19184688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21264000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18099480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20213344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23360112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17072976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25482864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19175968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20223184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24412768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21296544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16022160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24461112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13926672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32530640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10805616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7687808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12879456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34903408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23384920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2824256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20194760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33893152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6626720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12914304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12906528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11838112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4536712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3496208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1775648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5547624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9790096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35968672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14975344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1792232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2447736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13982072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3471680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12933496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9786728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11885896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22335456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7633712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2820064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35676528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -742336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5564768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32822560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2391712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6613728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18128688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3890704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10790680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9739904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -706272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3473504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25482816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17078816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 310552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1359920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29661696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8708288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38045680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13925008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38064576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31775464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17053064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34894448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34947936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9731824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12874352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12873224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27576584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22344128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2178056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16031024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16041408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9737680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14983992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38050080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9776480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32805920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21281400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16019440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38047536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1776680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2401168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33854176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30696672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15028568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3456728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38073728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 342464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21272304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 339104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3442584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2415968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3451240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2842856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2391072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21263904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3855296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 303136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18933984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -771504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30713328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35957272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22311376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2436448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13930688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31782432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2818848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31751504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2849360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32807840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 319592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6558736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8680992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8734096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16030280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1822168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38047680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28649888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -749792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9758800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3873536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13954176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2434944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7671744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5557896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34899168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38842632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16034400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28630720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2838128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1338640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -711488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19178648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22328104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6629312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8683616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37020808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29681304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8684208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15019168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13960416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24428592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 319592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31796384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20190296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28603872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32827840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34926584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32803216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 296048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1797952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22321040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16065344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31782152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21239736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4497176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34651248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 37038784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22335048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28601392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8680608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31756480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28618936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35963280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20209344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21266880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29655408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19162368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18127544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 36013184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25447664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12917312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24408688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38048016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16033912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33861376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 37030488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23365792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21319264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33873904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 286400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20227600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 289680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6613128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30741184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10767600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 36740064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 15010400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13987360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22338072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12931104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30711864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3451000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -731568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9752608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27560240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22314816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2828456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3863040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31748480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28595552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27555936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19167008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12893376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35944784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21265120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3863888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1805872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31780704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7641784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1744416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17119872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26520816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4488464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8719904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27589696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26254048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9762976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33880448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20264000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 285680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 32807776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23375592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25498176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38093728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38061256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 37030488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1341056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18173216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -740576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2401808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27556544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26547280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27557856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34913824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26504000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2404512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30699264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35984768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4487104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23416960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23360512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5534560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24449920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 303952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24446872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26259240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29653088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2389696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37007016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26518704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30731256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2404032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 36993824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 15028960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16053480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -694040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20253120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6600336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32818960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25474704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13958976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23338536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33834352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24415688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14980296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10792176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28652192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11842864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5564552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34929440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3444128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38083584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18175552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21277384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17070256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27299240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1812592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22305440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1354496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24438392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34900768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25445104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38050168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37049248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31748480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10815712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3840608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33851552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20228336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34893328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 290960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32792320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1380224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5543120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35975456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34907664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2838280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10807872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22326488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5571808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9737792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12916832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9766080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31758064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23373832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35684416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34939104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13964192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17105400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 36999984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28635776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19205504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16025992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2388992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 301360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4527200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3867968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20255168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33843312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22306400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20264256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12879312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3477984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16068320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23373216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26545888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3850880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 39101000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12883936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33903200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 297200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7670400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28600576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22318256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38056160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24212880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1762688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16059584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36984560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21301760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3857824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3913136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11851696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8711160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26512984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3891408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -729544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3460448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3460184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5539352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13962240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5544808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3845696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26542144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2418824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2792992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35948936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1777680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34934392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29691160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13944448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27570624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16025360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29693272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16030392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35710736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33863536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 302544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17110536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10813448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1364896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11853808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 315864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27559448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21285904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2390432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11865720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38078912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15002672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38054184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8721088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35949824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3504160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33864496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33896032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18124376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17071936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15005632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18130624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21259200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3435408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5575904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16056240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35992896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5573912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5332760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3467192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25475736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19161968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3450824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29687024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19165008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1815232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15001376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6611632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20222880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27560416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14969984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19234144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8681168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35952720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9767512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1338176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23393152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 291600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17128608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34926472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8671488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18155944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6622176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -747968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13977888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13921728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23403328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9729744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28352864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2850136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32806616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8694912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18167648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17087416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32799296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18175136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12888672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3457424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26552032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2845344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21277360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2396576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29643808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13973440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29665888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24431848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1750496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15020704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30701504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13931408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31759200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11870912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31761848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28609792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26515344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25466672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23375504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28649568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13672208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16062456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33856216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27603968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26511680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25510176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37044992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15022304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23408512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38057616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18118096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35958128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9757152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -741368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27582272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35956328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32809984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27565616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23413024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30715824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2433344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20253440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37022624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20221120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23375856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30745184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19197312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22325104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33876416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2189536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21278160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17101728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3897680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8699664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18125848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1765856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9780768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22353792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21302816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29707648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11820176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4502464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30729376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33872416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -741192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35959744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20225424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6621696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18127872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5573888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14989680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13940256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22331880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30746336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22324896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31762160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19220064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3855712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1393792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10593136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15001792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21268256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3428480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18153920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23372624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19174008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34946880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26519320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12893216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31801344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27551056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32823328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25452944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19179288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37046656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4508848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38053304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25450432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30695024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8693528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9773888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12867232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29683744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13933504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13926208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23420096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7650176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17077032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31783968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 42030896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1372384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3841848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28623616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12882576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26525024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1360800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -722464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31777632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9728064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 341184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25464584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2857648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24464768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31767344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -717440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7643016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1343776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23410080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6599104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19187152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14976384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3914504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27586304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8735552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25470304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20280128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31759296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1338816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31759472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12687160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26564512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33864256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33880160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16018720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28640824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12868112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18159328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16071072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11825616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38059440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23378672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38090528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21316488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17101696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24462560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7670536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16018240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18142536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4499224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11865368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -705152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23403808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17063936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1370272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 343680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1777664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6595936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30755936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 309904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5335216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18172576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21276240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5564376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14962704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2824408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24457312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -705344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16079040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34894768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9782208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14968096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3863800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 37025824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22305696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20251936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13973056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29639488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29669184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31795968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14968384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -704608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35985664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31800096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15015424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20230592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26528040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29704096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18156448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28362888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8739400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26563296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7660096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13980096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19206208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4489664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34938176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8747232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10817672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9781088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24440000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3866048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13949816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1782432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17078560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30707184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23374512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11850640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29647248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1752032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1396864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6640312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13973952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23368312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2798112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19215648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3854824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3476448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17122144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 40935176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29690784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17106208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4512832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5591776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36996808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21313280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30692464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28623808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18115952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34913208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5534560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21303872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38039456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10793760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38045032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25465760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38041216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30702304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7659616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15029216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36997512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15023552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28616208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7672768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7648472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17058656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6611136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24422872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21278376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38845384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15007080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31762944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19165216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38050784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27576672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21279392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23378240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28617680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28614544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28618496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13941280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32807424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2383696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34906024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15003032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13988768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10797224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23411552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15004056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26517808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22359296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33897320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29676576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37009472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19176736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13933536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30709152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23397472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38051968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3179928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3857152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17096192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31768704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3877792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8739456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29684504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13962144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26566880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5571520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23406456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32811136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16036320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37034424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32862176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1819504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33904320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30721312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38073904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37004688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -723352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31814368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3856408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27591616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7632080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32848392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31763168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35944592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35946352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13647392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6586960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3479576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28651112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31775552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34914144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1366720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31778984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32814880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27574400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25469664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28615904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30712672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34905136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4487072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3894496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32818848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37008032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26520288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35930088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16035568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27619104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33860720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29636288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20246880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35958976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27570224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21275328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16025728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18174144 bytes
