benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3179312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17135392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11827376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12919520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25470104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9771648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11827920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6588224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24462528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25461344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20221744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26510128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25458208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21264784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16023200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22346240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14976384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24443104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10781360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30430648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14953392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24437248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29655728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24436840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27560336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18152336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5543288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3481696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4520160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22318888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37038016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31751264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17122496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3447632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32812424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3902320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3901920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1351712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30711840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28638304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35975232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1802672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32811456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -753056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21277120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37020632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12879392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37019488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35669248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7640352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34928608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1800752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33856424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2783456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19202144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16034448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1771296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20230512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11827616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13957344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34906144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15002944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 326624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1374432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1773408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2400288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37004440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21339200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1793424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2821984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15006368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9763328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3472256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8716096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7666368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31754136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35996064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2370048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16029400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33862584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10783120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38038464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11817856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25491680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28637440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32805216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5539200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9788160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19200768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24454816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4489904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30699136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33881184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25480840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12882272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7657984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15005216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20249088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2850368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2817216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18153568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11839232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16054976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8715744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3497080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22043192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7679232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18145888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13951168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11887936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21294880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1393056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5593880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1373568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20249280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22313456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6574176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6616448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12909280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20247936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23404320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20218544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19165808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18119072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22339688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19216928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14973584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20246688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18118112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21290056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20219264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18123360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20241568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22314416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32524592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19165696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19170896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21276184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20223888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11832864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19227240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11831216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3471584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19200512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20215424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17090408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17098080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19182632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14994024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11835296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6616448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15003808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27562720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22318896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9731744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30715128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5536064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12909216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2403576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3444344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26537568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 309496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23090656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13935592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 346048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7662528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1373568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34905000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29679896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3842368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18131392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3877000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1373472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3869696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38050816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 294480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33854752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12915872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1772160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10809504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15003808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15003808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2821984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9761792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1374432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10820192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17102208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32804656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18117776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30698928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20218304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26245056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10779280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28612136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34901808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6586016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4549152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15013536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23424664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33862696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15040152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12928192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15005440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2422048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38052752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9732592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4520160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19227840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18124832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20242272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16026000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19225992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22326784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11829936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19200224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19181312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16034184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24420384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2391792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8692624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29407688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19178472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20227664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17071776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18129544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18126288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19163376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17108800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21296920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18120272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3463032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22323232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24447424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -753216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20226960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27562240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27554320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27555120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26537512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25464912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27556496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19182632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27578464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14972368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1743512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25468960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22346912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -746512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17076240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18159232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11570128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9742352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10808512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7660992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37002152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20232032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24412448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6599200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27584224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19173168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12865472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31762352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -741976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14985608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3875296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13973128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1751664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18124232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23391168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3485792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18129296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 39088576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7659272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1773504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12912160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20246304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10779200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3497456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32820544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27558576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37838080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7633632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1776192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29682432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37034816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21292256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14976304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32801744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35976288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28631144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19192416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33891904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3840832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -731272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33858008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6614336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1403008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 353184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -713728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1771040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30713424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1355440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34901536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26551008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31811544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37027040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27554320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16027344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21304064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28650272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33644312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2390000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29662208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34910128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24435696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10782080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25464928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2847824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -715072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18130512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 36997984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3854720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2824992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18150688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1771200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29683776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1799104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1403296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7694048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26542080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34900592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7680096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37018304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17071856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12908224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -719648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35976768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2824992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10805264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3839936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33642936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17137032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8687408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22350304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21310624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4498272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4495120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21262864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22326144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30704288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34945568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29697984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18164512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18168352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25491680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5565376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35955600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37021688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32840672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28659640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30736576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21318360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38084512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -749168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32812512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2851168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3869312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6646304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29693504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5536224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 15754112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32827144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3478912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2399672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1770912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10809408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1772064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32806088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19212128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -734288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8713504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4539896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11837472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35953576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25503680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6600096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24453856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31763088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33858184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12874176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32808904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21310336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33875960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30745984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31799744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12872728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17070400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18124592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5561504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18854520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 298288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18139608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20221944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2861968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18150880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 15021312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20249184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17072720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20247024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19168928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5541920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24417232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32829312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30728296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26539296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20223792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13970304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18151648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20236832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14978752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23396064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20261760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33578648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21267600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17071696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31792544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19165616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20216464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19170128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21276184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13926928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9717584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14983584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20216432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3441248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2851920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19181848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20219024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10820736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12915008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6608672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25470704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 331760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16053280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20252448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24412608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15010176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16087272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 324224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22330448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3893984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24423144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3190768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27591160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3491904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27584224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25457264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24422960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24412928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19165616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27562576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25458032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19175968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -725216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5553496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37004088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24425192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10815712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8714208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26563608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17069504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19183424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18136408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24435696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22322208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24398528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22323528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24390792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32527376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4496224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16037960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23389920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21266000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24421376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28614104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34936160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6599488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29663032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2420256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13959840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19176568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3898944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11883128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23365528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3869144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18142832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22307360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37038016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6593568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7689448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3470496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 323296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36996664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5579200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10810016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10834968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26237912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13927408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9785832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1373472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37007080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11830096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2827104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29663528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37007840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4550920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -720384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31762000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24426632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27566896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21264544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21253920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25463984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27568656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27557264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27591392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24397728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22350080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26519120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27556224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18119760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26536280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27568096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30733344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4208776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3453328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18151392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24419152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19177152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27599040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25452768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38078592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17085336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20239664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27557296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25458832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27561800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22306240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23335304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17126368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22329392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21299360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25466848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23367712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23376352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18124792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23406144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20222648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22311056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37796864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23372776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24412768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27567616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22365064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5543584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29663440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28603232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31780672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15005568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10790040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2820832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35998840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5562472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24421968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16037280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6608056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3491528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8714464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19181024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13966304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23394816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3494112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11858944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9762656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12909152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7665888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24419328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5543904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32809784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 39859808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3437728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38043920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25472416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33873760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34924288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19167088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23400288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33891040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5580448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2428992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12899616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4520832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1746568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11857952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38070560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2811616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27559248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13957920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19199104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29633744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2828336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2840512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7657120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2795144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1766912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 342304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28628352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31759520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1379072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19951016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19177248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1346800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6621216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25452032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9737552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13935440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34905648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26533728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7612712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32802920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11853664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9739904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1779456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3469344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16050144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17080728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14982432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2428672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11859808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32811664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26532848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16027664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17100992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30680808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38091040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38067008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4493824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3869600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 326816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11563232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38076480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34919712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6588160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12931000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12908000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1380256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12906816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3890880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1398368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8740480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11838200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3472352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11884920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1746568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8712416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23420544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8727712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3868640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7682336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31781152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24441888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23391200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10781200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19225304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9729664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20273880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7633552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2421312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9787768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25199072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20262144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2843736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25491968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16027248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12888424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10809600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19197152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20228664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25508384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12925472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23392416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21267200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14983488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19182816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5570176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2449544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7664640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38051872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21304736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12883936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31759360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22312480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10779440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19945136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4537824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -740744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18125280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -749376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 302080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25469048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24417744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19168928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27559296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16001608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25491200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11824152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30715128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2393072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17102112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10809840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15005344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 326976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -724832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16061824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34906144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 337856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16055744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19178648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31795136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33880960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -753056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 325376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38814704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30677280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29655456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20242536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5537440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23389120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20261952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18123392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7636400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6621216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24442240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12925472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 325856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28603128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 334784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2852368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38078848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21307456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17071776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33838832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32800416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22345856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21276848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3896704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20247072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4488864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18145280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14999744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13682216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6600096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3859072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8685904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2823232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12895344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7671264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5555192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11846768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5555312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21273304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38065480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25457344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9753056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24410928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1806832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20236520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12875392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1756032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6606176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -731656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30722280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27563496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1809952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1374144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4508672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27578488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4505824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 36996544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26542792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 32552992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26523840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26511600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27556496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27598496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 37013976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28613480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30706144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2851568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9750672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9750760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 314368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4534016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2413808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13947088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3842328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25469776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24415328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27566200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28623072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25473384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27551728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26518064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20217480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25463904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26508880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25469312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27555696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27281168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29672528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13923088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5550088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25477816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1765328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12917056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10820448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26528680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26487840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18133264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23371920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13963312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10817856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11842168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 333984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20236432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13962344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14976008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28613656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13920528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16046432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18135824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10784200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17096160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21279960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20219664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -756016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17092992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12893464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20987568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25480776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9736184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30711840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31787968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28615568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17087944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17068256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19181256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16034152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17100480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16037696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1372320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20227752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11830656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16050272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18150304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22325632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18123152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19178760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20216864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19171728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21281520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21263280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14982768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23391936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23391400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19172768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8695672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21296032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31477216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25474504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26513224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27557280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23378432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21269920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22311776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25465184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29667808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22330120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26513760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17073120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4501904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33855392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5566400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26543424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1794912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29662352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24397728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25463184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12880992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25473712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16028000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25472800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25466376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23376272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32826912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24412208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34666856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23368512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23396680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22343968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25446624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25494008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24419008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20220304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23361552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29658288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28617088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27548640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27573528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17087328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30715592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30699888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23359856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28639032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28650336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27562480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28618992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27549600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36727832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18123072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16023440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23401856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23392000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24464864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18135968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22324048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21263680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22312256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21261600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24409408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24414608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24409968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21307128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24408688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25463104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26506960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18131040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23389120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22349896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35969384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24475392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25463000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23365312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23360112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27577520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38813456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16020480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14990968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16052960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21304256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22357344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21268000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23366192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20213024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19165088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21261200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16025920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21282280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20215344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22310496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25457984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27558816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28619992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22306496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21264320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24409408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24414448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25490304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26529424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24422848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25458544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26528944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27550976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 39881056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23359472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22348400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14995008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1367520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11850024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20238808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13925968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16045296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16045296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18170560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16036112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1363560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9751640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12917696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16045296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3489344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12897544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11877856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10800480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13947088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36996544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34905552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6611896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19188824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18119232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20228040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25458464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24410688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 36741512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17083080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22365408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18130576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14982672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16082032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21273600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23342568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22324176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22335840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23373392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17126368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24438464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22327776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25453664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25468784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12880352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24442240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24419328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25496864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23366992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38819504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25470944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17079600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18137312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24424520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20250240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21261744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25471664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24445432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26521584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25466408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18131776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24424016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23366112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24417488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25468864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26516800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24402848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25477320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26518080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22320000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26515824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25466672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14984864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27568016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37766128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24421352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19177240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20224936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21273520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16027360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28622104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20233496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13933488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21303008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17081216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24427800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21281520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26514016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23355712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20222384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24407408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21278880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26515424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28603536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24428064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 63472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7680672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29674848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24417856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23388256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29670992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26515448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24414608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22330960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24408368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25474928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27566480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23355632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28602992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28618936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24444704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24414368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18135856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24435584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22341888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25457104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25461824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25475888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27577360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25470216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21286544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22329120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28608672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7644512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27610024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34630592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22369472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21281584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23365792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22342472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22316176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26523584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25476208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23364672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13941552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25477376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22330960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25461904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25480208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22316176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23407488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25475888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25480608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19166048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23389120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28608672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26518792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26502400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24434816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26518944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26505120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26507088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20241952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25459184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25476128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37766336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28633824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22345440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22330400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26510400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28598512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21279168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26511760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24401488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23390752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27596296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27548176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28599552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28615944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27550736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25487904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23364992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27574240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25454864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22334640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26504480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24404208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26510784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26505200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26533696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25480608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28602992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23357712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16021200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7654664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 41963472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26544160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27546736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28660704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27573528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26550240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23374432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20229264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27564576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26543616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30706968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27568720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24404528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25473104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20258552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24409408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27561296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23358672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26521280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26512400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23372912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26518240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26502400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23357632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26563552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24405008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28605312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28622104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31538336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22333088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20225984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21264720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8685008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22368704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18127952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18150752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10789888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20263104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21274064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22309856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21267920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21262640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19163808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25461104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19178368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24429712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23371712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23417824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25510272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25468624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22312736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24407008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16031600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25498112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19163328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24412528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24135152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24409888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25467744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25468704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22323776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27566736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22314576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25468864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17069856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24420232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25463184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24406000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23401824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26507200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26507120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17065216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24427800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25468704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25514976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22320208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17070336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25486944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37785840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22327904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24467712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22325904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19150360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23361520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26542736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22327760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23348592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20218752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22325472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26493992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22321184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24408416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25481120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23371264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23428448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17104728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24432032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21282880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24416576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22327008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20216592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24422816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21278816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22324944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16033568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22329712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38807256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25474672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24394448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24417656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23387200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26517552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25472192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20210144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27568544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23360720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24422256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26494960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23382496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26554032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25468032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24481728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21277408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23377440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22300016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27569824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25484272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23377440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28622016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25443024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28617440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24427688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26517328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24393568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18129664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34629424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21310976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24419376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20228512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21273472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22322528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18128560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24433856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20228512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24393816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19153808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24438112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23378464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18128320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22335648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20227792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22324064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21276368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25467232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21287472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22330944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24422096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26520208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23372800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22326224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26518528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23384304 bytes
