benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 165918672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 129173016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -116096064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24447376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 138682432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -59474128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13910768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34944944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -63702176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4502928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7365296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 109460784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 109390752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -146527632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 98870144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -137109056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 173303920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 237156424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 165885048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38010112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6313200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 170247728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -69944624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -33251776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 77900176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16020992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -47964512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 47502704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30666128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -214681088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 106094320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1486432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27574752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -115076256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 149188032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -23822224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -94108592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -29027808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2418928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34885440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 78836656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 78013312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 113329192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -52119216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -35357120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 90478256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 250160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -5963104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -8131152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22354016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 120675408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -33136864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -30133664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -14358816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -24894752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25450480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37004432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -16488928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 45424400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 272768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 169993344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -174684480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 93612000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -45870976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35923344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9714448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 294992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -118176624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 95738544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20202048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 187750096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -111790992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 100977616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -51075840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -80422144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9703520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 161755568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8639176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -15457296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 145003664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 130313680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -14271456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -5955408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -10212192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -110859152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 54789856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -61571056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3442704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 105135984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -84645520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 161423856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -65634992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1326480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27547872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -30100912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 68424768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -26951104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23337856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -69944688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 55844272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 141942640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -18460752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 83157616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -52129408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8660240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -124496352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -38481728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 52707840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -76262800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -13329392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 47072240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -9014384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -45788624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 85198720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -31161328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -26962928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 81028032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4493072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -69964960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 91506704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 145150432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -16340944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35915552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -43701552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -91978736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 134503904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1307600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 301168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -98252544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -97266096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22012896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 148244256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -108751072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 44324736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 63196112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -166383424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 184841280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 90463368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 78903904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -38466288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 108379712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17185728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -100332256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 53740528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 55913024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -49030688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 87320064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -97203696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -65768480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -17527776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 42285232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -24782176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 89433920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 40135008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -9156176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -20690784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -87789216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -23813696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -21712400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 150186736 bytes
