benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 87619216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24599744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -9110864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -110813840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 89265344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -52010448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -35478288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 41188352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 59109168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -29190544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23777392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 126232928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -21729968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -127600512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20124832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -4870800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22192512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -57262352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 119726160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1302672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 92917248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2479616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -84619952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 124000864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -8105872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -67818736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 81043472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -812320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 87243840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -92999408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 103330496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -14198656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -40679696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 66380656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11871808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 202848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -153830928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 155461040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34873880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -4963456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 80212512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29803936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -53128880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -35312176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 75782624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -68914096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 135608544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -5037264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -129762096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -768496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 114954912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -91844512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 129214528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -46965520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -48913248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 43333792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -124540704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 129378464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7555856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13968896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11059008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37120944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17086096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1349904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -50005952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 123991200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -33326480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8702928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -124464736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 137625728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 72923440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 65431264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -20567552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -22890176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27592960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -98235344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 84137008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -138092704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 94609632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -60423552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 134840096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 65353832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 42203920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 57958432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -147475136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 109325040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -36505008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 306016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -82484192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 120851696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33075552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 47664976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1748928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1892272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -66742544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 101978224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -135968672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 141854480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -137016112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 139662912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 113917888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -97249472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3759584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 76715584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -37420288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 90523584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 99842688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -38365952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 135528688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 178411248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 106618064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -22687376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 60126144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -100395360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13877680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10807952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -7058048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -57451664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 78945616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -55280640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27937728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 75902320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 56956416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 57953496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29605216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2727904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -29062848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18043344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -26996544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 76802832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 119032720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33986128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 73744208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 44318576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -72061664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18163456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 53765744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9657520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -38399056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6588960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 119133696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4505488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -112888832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 113456816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -6950688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -127612544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 60014000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 66275296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -34234912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -10204800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 116955344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -91885872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3790064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 105095776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -99339872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 128161120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -16491776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10789168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -37488896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -153857984 bytes
