benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8477272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7697920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1806848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27567256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1342896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11867424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8696320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25497536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14976384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17117280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3833696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24440128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35947632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25457888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30746656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19195984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7631536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1340720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -702152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37046168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29699232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35953136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12874816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11873056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28620056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27584592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28605840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10780144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17125696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27359704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25477792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21319904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27569576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37027264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20260128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35958512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34899408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28606912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 305776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33890656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34935776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32829088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27562800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13953216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18151744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26506784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -737312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28632376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5530544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33890592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26509760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11829696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38087456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13969632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1800832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27588544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4502744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35986848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7386344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28606296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29658656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19173072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27564616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30713424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27611896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29691072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12902816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 291104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1755936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -757792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34899168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1358248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23400896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1344096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3855200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1368960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4512840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31788064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38019968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6603624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15029696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -722464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10819456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37019360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26546816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29655648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18892664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15013880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34929088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 338048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8726464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33878464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38086784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8684256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29701344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27586552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29697984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2856464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29676288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26539712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32844576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5539840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30705344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1346544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26521080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9731744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37019576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13927808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 299360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 36990144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29700000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30716384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30707168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27581160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26516720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32807616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35695744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8694000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33824448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38073088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25503968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32803216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33867808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37002400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37004736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35946704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4531584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14971984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25493504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13971360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7689664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21274304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6584976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7688512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32834368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2807872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33866744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14991808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24426224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21311488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 36995568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16021584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21308128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24392376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13927728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28649120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31497224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22342000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5538240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2805088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18150112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26539448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -753136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1377152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30738336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26532584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25473104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38047000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38069384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13970496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19176448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21293152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6626432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24422440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1758336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25484832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12931728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28610256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22327856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20263008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28606880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24443872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7636432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22344928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30739296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16031808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7338088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22349472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32833856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31790784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3447712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27568048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3896016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3839936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5569024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3849336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4548048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2820736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2425344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -721472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2819200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2809952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32820288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14998512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16032656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17084488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5569248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37012656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3443088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9762560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3869696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33858448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3484448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1770624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6644160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7380336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16072544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18119872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25457008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3441248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25463912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31797440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18146792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28613192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20260800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27597088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7666176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21275800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21325328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1387680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29661328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9762976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21275536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29697888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15004960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13934360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27569400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2846768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30712984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29683264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25468960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10776064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3900240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2434624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -732328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30422784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6602392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20245440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15007200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32837504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18118512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21299680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33892480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33892288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27601696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1368672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34906144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30728296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20252576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20260512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23387208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4487328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2819872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28616656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1347856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22327576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1377792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38050800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 339008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11861152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2369184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20227136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28651520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 291504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21289176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21007656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26544256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8687312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18126896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30731296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7638992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22323760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8702504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3447952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10792184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23368816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28636952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28610432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27562336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7630096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34914352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27602080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3472512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32824864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -731272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17085840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25496480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4535944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14996488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7640416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1382816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21296704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24455104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1342176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27555840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28387904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23371872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3457336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6626272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26538240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2826136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29644768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7669184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19203584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3902944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 301104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31758384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24441088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13963720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20246752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34926240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9761200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32837184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3442432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16066208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15005728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12913984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -713824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22319760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1768480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23373216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1387680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2818624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3856672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22100600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2391392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3447456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26504704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1757184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3871232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1773696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -745968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38041920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34897648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1755936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22319040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5571456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18122240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1339840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38046560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35945184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20216304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1383552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1787384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2840096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -731488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 36999104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2413400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28612896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1752704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20224048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 328672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34902192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34894656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1078472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 276272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37034560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34894528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33848832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3856736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -752816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 306952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35945888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31751840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22325080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9756776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1787824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30702128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -723104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1349072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35945648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34887968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38034656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37007888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3855488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31751424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25502080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1386144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -719616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24420432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35976960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 36984792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37019752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4204720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38084768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1795160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1791376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2841008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33846736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38040784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2436544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 303224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34896272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28630880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18168352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3901920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25469552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1758048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38038400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -730040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3857536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38105352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32850720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1374048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1791728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22312480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38057240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22364648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38057448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18111472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3895104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3888352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2842592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38871184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38085888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35938304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37022328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34897648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2416480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12885680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3471104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20218128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29680160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18148464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22349632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3856736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14975248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3891168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34888832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29680864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29702592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -721952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21272784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24436840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34941920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3895024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35944944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 15000536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2860848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38075168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32826592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14986016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31741840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33613696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2854768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3908448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3907040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3857200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38085920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3868496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35932624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38043136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -755328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3888672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30702992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38049968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16054144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2829568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14948856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32799344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 338528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3844056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4487824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35945792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 39090832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1343296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21244776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25484360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3482336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23363520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23376848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27582744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2806720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28337888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 338528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34947488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34896608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36994480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38043136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1779848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 322912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1774528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -738312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3885944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24394824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37005784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2391552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -729336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20200520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -711968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2840744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 290912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1764512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21296064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3899536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1782136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33833872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28606912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7641920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11828016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2843352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27542576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3892304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37820528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 357152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23357696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38044416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34896608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 337760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36973560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2838344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36999504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38043136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -731272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1799504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3842704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22357568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -709760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3924864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34897536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38042096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38086784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3841664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 295008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2400672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3891400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1377568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -719680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 304752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29653936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2422752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3419056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18106112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3166472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7641536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34936544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10822368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3449744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1349512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1796128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -746232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3449336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1784568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 302872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10809792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4498320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25458128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 337760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30699088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5539840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1353296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2401432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29652512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5566912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5546016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8691480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4495856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32804880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7668736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29659072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1789472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31737280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8689792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1052496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10781744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1346416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8688208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5543816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1350568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7644048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3446576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35943888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7676640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38041120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24409888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 293520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32799040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2435008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34949120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 318888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5546016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3447808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4497912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1361072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34895312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7687744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8719136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31752464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5546224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28611136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24466304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33900032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2422752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38860960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38057176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37033952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2808160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 302872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1795160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 328032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -741976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 303344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3855808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25501184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29680600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2420320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27562000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2837808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13922912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1350656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3448600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4496296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8691744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1351800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3447720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1793224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8720832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18120176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4487824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38042160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 337856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34902992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3484544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1323992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 290400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4495664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3450744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4520192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33825528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4527040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3468352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32806384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 317392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33855920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29679456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1350176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3861400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1802912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2421280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4498704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34903536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5566312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34904816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38041376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1354200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27564464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 36999184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2856080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 331552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5567904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5549216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20972784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6606320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 36004224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3462856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2415008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -731584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3469088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -753040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1338128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29661632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2404992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10758584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1353240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 316704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3473056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2418304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2830432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2402080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1375904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1772640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3463584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4499584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32801040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4532832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29662592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28667552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4496304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3435368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 328128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2419776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15747048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1822960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3438048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1777920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2417440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25465312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 331712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 36980408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2366808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17077664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4495984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32806704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -711968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3470464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2842032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 314112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5568096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7663808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2420928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2829888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1764064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 326080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27538320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -705024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30709952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5584248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8713344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3470464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8720000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 324736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38870912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1405248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -748080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3442232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5544960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3449920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -743768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32797040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5562296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33826464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1367904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38042160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3483584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4494800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1365888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3446840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1341088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8692624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3449920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5551032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33848576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32824392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29686976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2396352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3896656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2392864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8692888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3450008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1339184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2400848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23086096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1381792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3447720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6593184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1349128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3892224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4497528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24407552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1386144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29653312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1344176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -750576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3449744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6593448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8691744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5543840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3443728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3897712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37003344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2872976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31758768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23374360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23388264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 338816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3890024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 306336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1354000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 305072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 303400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2841800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15742672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 301584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7638480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 299000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5543640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32798880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2435200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33849944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5560272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32799280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3484832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5546104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2849224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2400288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3447720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3446688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31750624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2392480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27555360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3447720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26514224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10811136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1344376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4496384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2401344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10786256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4489928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2843648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3474016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3448864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22029904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1395264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38084352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4516592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1343112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33843232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5594080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29651248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7653520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 294976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2393536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4503776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13926816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10781792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16009200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1346736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8694208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2406888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38037776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7643720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29648128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9777760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2823936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8691272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8693416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12878416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12875072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1349744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2392568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7635712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22022336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7652608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5547688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6614816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7638560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38037696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7671064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31749600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7630832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -751312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8684992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4499024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38038496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20229272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34931616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27594624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2830864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6572336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4485184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1775072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17068016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17062016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1347248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35953336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28613304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4529208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10813624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1754496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26494080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3866720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 68160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11838200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34893728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13932976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5538208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -750488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2384432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38089184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22375712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7668688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21262320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17082312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20213344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1376088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21269928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18122528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2410640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14980320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23366640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18158624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28619072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19189440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28604512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27597880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3849760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 37008136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18156472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 32808224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2389312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33845232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9449840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28594512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23386560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7674592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28650272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21284304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21327808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4548192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3859968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24437688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2848368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2400288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8689952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24406368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38054272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28617416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 301680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32792640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3499232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38030896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3891496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3419568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27568224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6598048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37039744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1397152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35958528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4497464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5540968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8398192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28621904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33866256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20257504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37004944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 36998480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16025120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3479264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -752832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30713952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34901248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -749376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35951744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6614976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1790936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -747728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19161152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -744184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3439888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8669008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27544096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7647872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7627616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37034304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35984896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17097304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23388760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14985776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 341024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8408304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33866392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17081608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3891904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3472192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21259104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35979360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37011184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4494712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12883408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3863616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2403104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14989712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3888352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16030720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3446224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34895392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9759912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34884128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3855104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17075616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6593184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32839776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3898720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16024088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8693680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21278968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8712480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22348160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2826432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10523096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18173888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1816512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 301080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22309136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9768128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25460976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 316128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33881152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32835656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4526040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22348352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32827440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38060904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2389872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11841016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35946560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5534560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6616320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9764576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29665400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8702976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31752720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11848264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4489544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21301984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31808096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7666080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7632352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4517632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25180672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30731936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2852288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36990960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8691504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10784080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10784256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36985760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18129040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26503440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2394416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1793200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14980880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18118752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14971504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3835608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2830392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26508000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17096512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1805792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8714432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38038576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2400840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22308896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38048288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9717984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1369120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38039536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7645040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14973584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13661936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21309920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10834048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26505200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35983264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32798416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3458336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3471552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4487256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1344960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1377600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1346544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3456960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1378080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38038576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35931264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31789920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6605032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 310088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7649504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7649768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24407088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38094640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4486464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6617312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33834112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10789800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26510400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35984256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2401192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10504528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27593152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1377504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29646048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6596336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35950288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2401896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3843160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21293456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16039312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38070528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23358896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32798080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9764864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25470544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26527504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18117776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21261744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8726336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17112128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14966864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24447136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7626032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27592864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25473664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25509792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23418976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22304976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32850112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26557600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 41949616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24462080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11878784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31743040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27586720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3849088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21273688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10795872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18133064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25467824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26558848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18116016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23370352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18127136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28596352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27569200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13938528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26519120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24439136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25513632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4542976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14981848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20252736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21315488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27586144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15003808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19182168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13974304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19181288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26557600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24127600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12854504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22318832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6627936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15009568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1791640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4524000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8688840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24444320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38054712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29644928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26538144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28610416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28619472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23374736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19184656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28646880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -746496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30711368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13934832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25468752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21320192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28641216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32836352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26540832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25492512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28656000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25495200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13923408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3191536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26547904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26545888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32813240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21265520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15024992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24441728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22309376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17106224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38097312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8690712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2393536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20214704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19194720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1802112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17061192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3879520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24427072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -719568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31741568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20216544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23358432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27568336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27601984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18170240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28605152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25480608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19165888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20264704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1407296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1136488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17125408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27581128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10821408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26534368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25500288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28661888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16063296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28622520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28626336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23383056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22306096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20223904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23362592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -758576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18132536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8698912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2848640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23378056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12913592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20232328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23416032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17062416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13939392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20219328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5589280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25464144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15021472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5564000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12915488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34613248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8716928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22326664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31761672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22362752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11861152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25462384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30730880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29688096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29656448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28622416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22361216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3459040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20223816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1397472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28619088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13946032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14991032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27572096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25477152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34933160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29704096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3437008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25486656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30752512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4534464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24413632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9781152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29672328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20244448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 51392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 289040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13925568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -751192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16025584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23371336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13968832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16034384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7683616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7624240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18137024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16015520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26512808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10824384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24405200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28587632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24429680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22324896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27575496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29692320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15022048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27584768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6599136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11857664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1794752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27550528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38072928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26520200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33839952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31463080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22375968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7682848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20244736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8733440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24424456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15024352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16039520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12905760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15003104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28627920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2404432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16020112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16030160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27623040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20264928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23360592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17057216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20230144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19195864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29693152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27570496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17082816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7670536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14989008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20214016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18176608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15747792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26506000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17127360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21264800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13962960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26536576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29679840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10822656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26512456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15006496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26524488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6631328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13928664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6602424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12881000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8684904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23379992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20268544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19217952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18177280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1355856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7683616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11832656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19222304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22312336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19214816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18154448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34607912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21298784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16033440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11840576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11851168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16033440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20230720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24446168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5549808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24431008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12924480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30716960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19184512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18171264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20229728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22338336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11873616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9753920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25498784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25491752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27590488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20246112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26511328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4520880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5561120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18133088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2404640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14988704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20207888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11858416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38834032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8713312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16033152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2402624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20230912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 340160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10792960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24431584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16055008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20239680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15032256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26524192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22304896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25509328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28616480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19179136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18132000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35975200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24432176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37045920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15036000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32783720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25490992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7682656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25475520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23410464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12859872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10795456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13946400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26529984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26225496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27600064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29680992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3890592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18117720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27577088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2448152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19185696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -701568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26532384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9736592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22329120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25515904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7701824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14990336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22323168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30765024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29653456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27566864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2435200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27568160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7665288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8705344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12871408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17085472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9753376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18135296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23370704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13932336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22331520 bytes
