benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 211898464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -52060192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -8093920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 90544976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -121415584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 138694272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -129653584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 71682960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -230515216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 40256288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 220167328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -70824048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -43707040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 107252976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -167463872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 207908960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -64767152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -35260432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 105158304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -276517200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 146797360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -148418336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 176504816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -167575600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 239389776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -136024784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 54975648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -87831904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 121880224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -18628336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 138462368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -152750992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 124122752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -54234064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 197412416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -43741632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -140204576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -106662016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 191114976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -62606992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 174206144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -133846992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 56935040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -62646320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -16352256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 245600784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -297511776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 109370704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -41677648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 147187440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 293683312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 231167440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -196846288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 163999568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -115142576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -85601088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 258264704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -14454464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -47942224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -45806016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 257978320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29695440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -192511632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -64733472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 239450080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -301702480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25373264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 207902400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -169469184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -31295040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 241147856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -181983824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 98855696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 109330160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -138073024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -119216320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29728048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -45868000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37969264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 159767920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 115436304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -54103728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 157596208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -238833840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 281440832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -276607760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -14359392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 235253392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -100378752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 128135360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 289801136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -117108784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 119959792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -305856720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 75678944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -77258992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -6021856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 298099376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -104462320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -41776064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31482288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 36041856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4553984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 178585008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 73672976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4381968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -115057104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -31090672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1735392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -163375008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 153084400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -87673216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -79296576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 73618656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 140905040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 79983952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 52581440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -198789904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8655392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17066528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 140858080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 61134464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -77246368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -138032096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35877232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19139184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 293872816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -358238448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 235207152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 48526048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 119541776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2597584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 44398736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 80015216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 82096304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -266106112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -68992240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38084032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 77937360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17063344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 301961824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -215635968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 170293328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -96194640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -156910288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 224548784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 96838944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -102457456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25502960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -79473760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 203664688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 132572880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -240920608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 61137232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -123470816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 209970352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -60461664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -102489120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 251894880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -215681408 bytes
