benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 92548128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 170267088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15026096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -108757344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -173751088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2372752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 277119712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -188471872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 203759296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 190969928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 262205392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3795296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33915584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6585744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -326863712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 178534736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -79394112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -24846288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -41681072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -45861024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 312582864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 281222464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -255523232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 331647936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -251345520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8682448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -5984096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 256123504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 249628528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 84189264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 287324000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -56208528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -31118912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -129755344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 214211808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -314289248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 189077584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 96776512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -297498336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 216276176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 125840144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 130444000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -257619840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 346301696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -209365120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 191131600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -73108000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -94106080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -169560288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25456976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 234896464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -119154448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27611696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 159702192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 92436208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 98839616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -161169168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 69525456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29657376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 94634640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 172022832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -43581152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -96165408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 224689792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -144403328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -117121408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19138448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 142929808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21259200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2400336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 170304768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 59120560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -140169024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 241494896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -6024800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -316360032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 186961152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -198958000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 243583248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -127640512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 199325376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -215631168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 218443856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -68910656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -100370848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 300220560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -278653952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 191172960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -192664160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -54266560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -10441360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 46564688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 59065792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -8100288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 94659712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -83572832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -117169280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 79988992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 161777280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -182186000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 111135856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 128336944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -73032176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3921712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 77948224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -201060400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 170145472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -186326592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 73733312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -10232784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 272632112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -33172192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -22722208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 306928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19152672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -112904896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 107218256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -60510976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 100972688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -253488176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25173200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 140967184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -41635376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4508592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 40119632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -142289968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3914560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 163872000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 42262432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -8115856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 207623040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -20561552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 174409520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 275022784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -146524608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -112958448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 163869232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -123421136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35937200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 111449712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 275175104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -18425264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -8079808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -115013296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -148665504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 132414800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 153402000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -163282848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -104560528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 226821120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 88454864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -73000784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -20604704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14957552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -5982128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 331653184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1788576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -337346208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 245638256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -276520240 bytes
