benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 102000320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2731936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 66399808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -58452944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19163152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -33249040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -106641904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 181677184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -13333312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -169605024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 97815328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -32084768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 87354176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -156998432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 64248576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 91521808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -84653088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14976816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -82552320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21251568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21948352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 160828800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -47890592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -114039392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -35392000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 143954864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -86766016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 110445328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 67370224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10565176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 188123712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -92897456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29644688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 46431712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -187347392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 90418144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 98860064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -182168608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 179595008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 160601264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 150058336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -43630448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -740416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21262176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -63654704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 55812416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 42277536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -152794592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 153370864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -197879728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 88247600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -54125792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 136633504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -73092432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -14379120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -6043568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 71634480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1811104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -145494480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21272048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 361584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 79030464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -28020224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -30095808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 59021296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26503792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14922560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -55271392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 42238496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 62283536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -32054752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 141865472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -51091984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -63683808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38042080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1353472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -18577376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 59004384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -117150688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 198082800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -78251968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -19574560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 53739296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -108753392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 120862176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -76263696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 55869760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -77298976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7626000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 119441552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30826768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 56924160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -12261824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -161195168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 87312096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9765808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -58446576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1780912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -104593504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 206879808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -81386752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 47527008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -72087488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 63232528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -97273696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 68469520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25434528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -10186144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -71034720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 133129584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 52887712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2383264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 40030480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32773824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 137672112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -31174800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -151775776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 109331456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16048528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 168082968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -59348224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 77953904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -25948912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -145466384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -21755968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9748272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 198445216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -123428480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 99907584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 246688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 159826560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -29101040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -115036464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -32247040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26549680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 113550624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -112964000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 66339136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -105613712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 169747408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -14290544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -130762608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23343424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35958576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -73077120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 82050400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -31114784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11779952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3468192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 40882624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9846816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -49027264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 90513136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -52151312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -56369888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6582432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34885248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 87335424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26525536 bytes
