benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 218131888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -221963840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 119889664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 73726768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -194756624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 235246528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -192627248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 205785184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -261772720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -27013712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 144708368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -150638752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 207930512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -144326832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -41714928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 128348560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -48039792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 52782896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -127587152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 180638000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 278998272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -47913040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -131774944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 105249504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -54339856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -8072752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 90493920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -108788704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23341744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 75787840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 260114784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -259713776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 191227728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -148678400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10910368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33754176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 161836560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -226195456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -43760832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 235256112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 253808416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -158995904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25401072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 54902272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 121993328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -121371216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 98870320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -161160224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 151296160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37993168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 245435888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -259647632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10817344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 161696896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -104454064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -73049968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 281250880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -26953008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1804336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -156943648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 302171664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -213563296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -47869600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10786400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -31193840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 254052768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -58356464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -251462288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 272987616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12828096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 153372256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10861296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 128221744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -257557392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 205735840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -91969536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -102362912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 237253344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 168187264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17077872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 62917568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 107306912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1739520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 92581088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4484432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -58419296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -37339152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -56329696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 82035952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 130013824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -16351936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -98184176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 216322288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 56920560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6563720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 254054544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -117149376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 136591088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -70994128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 117425152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -68674304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -14432560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 79991232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -28951088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 73675376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 113479856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -108703440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 98842320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -110806624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 77705392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -39454832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 149086496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -114977728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -89862352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29630992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 59091856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 109279056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -24871904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4585440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 188707904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -196728144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 67407872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17097984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 140857440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31848336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -148704240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 119819440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -207320848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -60408080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 136688224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 109343088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14999072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -121196576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -24824880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -37505072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 50667744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 61074384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -175818048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 94633280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 52491136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 233145216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -68916016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -148506272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 138632864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -112877616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -75232240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2419696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 96834656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -121324752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 182441968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -108599664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 176498192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -115013584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -117183616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 103015280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -125463888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 103121808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -85680992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 130243984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 209696688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 281123456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -181976896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -115016672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33887680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 84086016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 124019088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31847120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 42168768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -247124736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 212074512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 255817344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -58303872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -182105584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 161841008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -71086544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 182745728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -169566784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3836944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 67460448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -163408096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 245394208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -209264752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 63271248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3951392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 231888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 189145248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -73118576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25463808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19093440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14985328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25270752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 172283712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -169582480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 109421328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -45900848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -39482448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 94682976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 63204112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -131851296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -47992592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 297915648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -263798832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -43823856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 142966864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -39533472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 178583840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -242974032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 50733424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 157500928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -180046832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8794160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -24740944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 69473840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -16537344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 94666368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35999952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 119878192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23286192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -354112400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 260133792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35928544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -207227168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -39492496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 96655936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -146507056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38080464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 195264528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -131772576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 155500912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -7874144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3898960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 214352480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1895056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -81531952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -56337344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 98897856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -41644912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -89921024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -64715056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 132491016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 52893840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 132524768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -113044976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -14348688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -194803040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 245749568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -50025904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 52710288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -31218368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 124233472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 56984720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -135989024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 178544864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -108753296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -123407440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 149207808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -165401968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 241440352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -37422096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37800240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 279410640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -56394000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -234484496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 84200912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -79446672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 186959424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -31166608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 42199584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27626032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 266463360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29828704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -169642784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -140123296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 42160464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 260440528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -71116256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -5870816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4386912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31754832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -4224496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 329774768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -207424352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -70919440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 121839344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -129704096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -8110240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 117796048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 161820992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -276555808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 73539792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -75061408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 100930496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4566864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 63056304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14988064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 56969536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -257673616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 243557856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -142285120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 148986608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -150615088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 50638896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17010224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 220507520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 52691888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -268006784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 203695776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -123417840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 52664240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 254026480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23558512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -268116208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12921792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 243576112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -251424544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 92593952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 197482800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29527200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 291749040 bytes
