benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 120555136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -7978832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 48570896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25479344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -35372816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -20687520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -142274208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 125078576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -107733248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -28015392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 56854048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15073024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 52773472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -26977824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32769984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -150654720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 203675808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -202042528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 216244080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -64697280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -753008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 75921840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 88377600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -101384704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 119781040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -110854640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 48531696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 291904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -87757120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20160848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 105009824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6719600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -73111840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -45816304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 197420544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -123449696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 43296704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24426368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -107716944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38050992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 106185632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13019888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 54860512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1309872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 39099920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10796256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 108274440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4468416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -46882768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20206656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -859216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23540256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 68473392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 69477472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -175880144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 67401232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 72620176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -11228992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7633648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28577408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 57952064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -34162624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 63263296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 76793792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -176891040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 179596752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -31170048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -119249728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -20652560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 144986032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 180664192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -27869904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -17525792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17053600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -90917856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -34292464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25420960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30717184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -24840976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 45371024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 155663008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33969040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 305328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -849128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 296288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 189047056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -94104080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -82540976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 153369088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -164346864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 171811392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -156867584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 162844576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -130761376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 76842928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21252960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 39066096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -155921472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 87311072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -49003680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 73812176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -79260432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3875824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -725024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 191126992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -175903968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 44356672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 137641232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -59479920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -121339088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 194332224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22420992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -57339216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -157025024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 83122000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35973168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -145487408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 45392064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23387840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 93618592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 175371584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5630208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -68882960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 42220560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -108757248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 105148432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -151745968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 151309744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20196672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -54247056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 163952960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -167362704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 171240400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -91991664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -89902080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 238322272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -111876400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 53745264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -21708192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -23825376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 182733872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -141116480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -51023520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 139742112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -33256944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21242928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20216352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -719168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -105630048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 175398624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 136334640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -62434384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -81493792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 43248784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 81007600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -31120416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -49008768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 82105696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -111944384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 74752608 bytes
