benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 165698160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 166076864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -213569312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 149214672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -108762896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -52136512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 77903616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 115635008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -257641328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 170158528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 184632560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -83445520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 226806768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -91988224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12916128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -175874736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -73129280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 134541424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -45833920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 103038704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 67550496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 54896496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 105207408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -60512272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -45846528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 218384320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 346153312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -52106592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 42237456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -123425120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 178258768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 153506192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -198895920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -79391744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 40150016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 216304848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -98276224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -115053600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 138692544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -163267216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 81755200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -7941968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -89848048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 88365776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 210013888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -138110384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -127634240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35919808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 186979776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -22801760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 329212464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -301572560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 300234624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -56352144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -261806752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 163863744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -8121024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 172284080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -270223296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 265984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 159396608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -16362848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 69540928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27546864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -96149040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 61116496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -98314368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 249855792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 199425792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 176453872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 247459168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -64581840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 98889776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -159078944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 82099808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 44326640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -284936560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 54845552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -41631824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 337925392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 117547520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -52025488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 279266160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -307961216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 105136864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 149183808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -198940848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -35342448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 262429744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -339414208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 58713248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -14250976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 111486848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -52108032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -73144912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 193220032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -98268256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -77297968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29665184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 58976608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -8416272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 312887520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -152793904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -169572288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 344259456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -196853184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 121951568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -278638448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -10192768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 59015408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -7950000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 77997648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 285521984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 321056680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -24902144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 52750144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -79396272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -22767376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -41654432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -209407888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 295694128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8793696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -295374416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 136586720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 40141280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -186377136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -26977232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 105175504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -16459920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 218398240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 333829888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -26854960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -307951456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 342133568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -268119632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 258220832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -123450928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21280176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -173737008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12876784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 54525216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 266732224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -339419904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 96802800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 201596320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -24862272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -192631824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 233062272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27553744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -276544000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 146778592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -133828464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 48608400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -75195968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 241436144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -238761584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 266601568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -8088528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -112930032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -29097504 bytes
