benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 79871184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 41283440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34889216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 47458000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -195771048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 100679616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -50318376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 70518784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 46417472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -197865328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 182731168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -173780752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 50641760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 121941040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -107700592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -134971504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 184818240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -46881536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -107680320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 202629520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 114557832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 114547520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -239791440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 86282600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 111122728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -37472336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -67889840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -110843872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 215264936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 49235216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -14256416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -42693888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2866096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 49584384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 78972336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -97272992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 110396496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17072800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 62173072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -48982144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -4926464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -130786992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 52715616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28596784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -35367936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -6002144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -111919816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17828072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -25196696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 129026472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 93568432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -220938112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 45371552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 143990768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -222010544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 57962160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7629040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 86262320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -143356464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22397760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4604496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 144999824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -136051920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -52112688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 171998088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 56584472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -202075184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 66360544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13918088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 85188520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -30132416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 45140112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -64728176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -88848112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -91992416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3941520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 128257376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 86999632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -41903792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -46916816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -86727728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 107245520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -118195840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8679888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -67872288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 101974496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -11261632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 53796160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -12324256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 114344752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 50750864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -74160656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 44366656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -14409760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -104839696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 124789360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9462368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -82862032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -47214936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 54850648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 95682216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17063192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -239121208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32513688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 114352688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30407864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -28297160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -130019240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3143760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 97521176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -40912064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -101379248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 217298416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -55250496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -103528256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2429984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -12317120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -12303776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 45424528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 58912256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3754240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 143918144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 305664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -36417280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -9122224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -154916432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -11191248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 94638304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -57419024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 167047088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -87804240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 48531968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -147547904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -22828640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 164941136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -82510480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -56338016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 157540000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -34314896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -82550928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -122398608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26519904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 96793376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 72608464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -15440216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -117421640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -72085984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 177500384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -46858912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 90500272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2537760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 40125744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -68934336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -75204144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 206895440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6570688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3905056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -20657536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20228608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -102451504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 66356208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -136048320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 89438928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -105621048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -24859480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 161756912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -152826576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 133494104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -31189112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21238672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -129750784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17111760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17009456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -67835376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 194269808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -177968224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -58395072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27545184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3447536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 162679696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -146372392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 100672824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -91222448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 194253024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 137529672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 54860048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -19642080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -24910880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -42656080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -84681392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -24829376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 196360080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -189496592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24376480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -7038592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1805344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 170178816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -219907584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 49571760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 92568176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -152807696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24427792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 87329984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -32223328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 130300416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 55802680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 91506560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4496992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -32230496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 94605728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -85585376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 140824272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -51089648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -95074800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 181657040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -209397488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 244627680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 124957344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -18524976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -26994032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -84634384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4493872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 184817696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -81497120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -18579600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -102494976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32615776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17110432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19173056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20228752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18120272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9736888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12909248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6641768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1354384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2818624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17108672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23391784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24410672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22328808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29654608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21273504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28607872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18160224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4485264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15003424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11861984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6617600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35974944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10782080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7666176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22316776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3841984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 41969216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34915152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3484448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2839072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7628976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20246784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6642720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24440992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20222648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2847360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28649408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26538048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24408512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25478928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19230984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13963040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6600168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7642904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19174112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28605920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10779280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5546016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6580392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8690688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5540296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27572624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2396912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4497440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5256448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11853760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4544472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31757776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13955232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6598136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1796216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38074880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28606112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8661432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25489568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3851744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26559368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7664376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2819584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18152512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20248032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25473304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17061200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8696872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20245952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18128048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19174072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23362352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 47688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3497808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28612136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24425512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26509760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21270880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20218592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21267360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24412736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26508880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25492672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25464784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24416208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25460144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20224544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24417392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7635552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27586720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27586088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28647840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25457088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24419064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26517536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24410352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23364032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20238192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26498160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20222296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27568304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25475144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2147312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6592888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29687264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29679720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31768800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29666992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27587232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28604032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21266928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28595312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18120800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25486560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26511760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28614960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27573000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29675320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28614160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29660576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6603064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16034240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 39122784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28647872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -775608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16025496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33851440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1387680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1354176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18151648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4515040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32802864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10502648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14980224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19234664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21275040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13922352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19188320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26497840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7637712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3895512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14985168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3857536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3450712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22322968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8722336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30705952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11830784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27559984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28612912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32836224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3840352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14999392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 36994544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28630088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9739792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13985608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33860416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25503392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37043296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8704960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35947296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8413696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3435360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22349440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22320944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2807872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33857568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11827056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14988216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12876096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31759008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20249696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17093376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1387680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16030288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3890112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26506784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25488896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24436840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1754688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18127440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16024160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1376352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16032920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 36996128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1803808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4498320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21276152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11866368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9743784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7645192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13633024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8718944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24439264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13927888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6625984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22324024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6567304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30757664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25505824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10793040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5576672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31764760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3892640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15005856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17103360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27601216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34936384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4513896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3857792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1346560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4520384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3872808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24414608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18167040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5571584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30723424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17081232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5553088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21040944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13944680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4538784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16019984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8693712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8691656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28612576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12883296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25462328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21296832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15031272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10794736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1769760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8690688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6617600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3846384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4547672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3868448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2844080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4491232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8682672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29686464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29659568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31776608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18143096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8692536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18152096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20214912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14974704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23394336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11543816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17084736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10782208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11858368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20247936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18131280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10782288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19203712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10791480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -742152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18170240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20244960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8708200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4523648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21297856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9731792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4548632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -719328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4520320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9745896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38053192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26554464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9737088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11886480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26569744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25458304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32844672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3485984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29684160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 36758736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2871904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28611168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29658928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25483216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22315616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24413728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22342976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23367200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17072576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26530560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18155352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23371280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20271328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12884656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20268536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32841120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3453408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28610896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2391200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15024200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5596064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33854816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15000800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18134328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9733008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20277376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21266240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1801552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29388592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17101536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17116320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37035424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38066128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14998600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33853936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38038864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17112480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18134856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4484208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13957504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37022944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17111328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16036904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17088032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5539032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1751560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2441600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8712896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32823424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25467504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2807872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26535936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16027640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24442976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30703024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1791432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16054496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15005824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30485736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21283920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10774704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5567488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35944768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1800832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3500784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12883584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16053632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17101824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20247024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17071536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9732064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -724832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7693528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11861440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38043920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26509680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19175744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25472688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24431880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11828480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29686272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18121152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12906200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35943968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26251272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4493104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22344264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27558336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26509680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32775648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12878592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6608672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7643168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27561760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28619296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17076416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13957944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21293248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37036768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6623296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2821984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28638176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27586088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10811584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22326048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32834592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7618544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22353184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1322624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10791096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12928920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26558848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29366032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20249088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24449920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3468224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31770216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33854416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12883392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9793072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6617312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31760504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3418112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14976568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3473504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3851776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19169648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24428064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29665136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8711720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1800560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10781208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4458192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2401168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38041120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1333536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3473088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34907816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 330976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29654432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23393568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13654112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6594416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2423232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5552200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10807456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3450856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4521984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35954632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21290848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33879008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3887416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5592840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3870080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2820320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26521616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 320936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4502920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17108608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35953184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1384896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16032248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5523280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33848240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24434376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37045376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3900784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37005792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7674144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4518368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2421376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16799184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5544800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6618496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 337440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8716096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10810528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5565504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9763712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8713632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3470464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8739168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2795768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12907136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3449424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9766592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1769376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11866240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2424000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7661440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10811744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5566944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7690592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12887776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3471520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8713248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11859936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2450104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8721216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1375904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12908224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16800040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8690528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5593440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4543616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -721184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11860032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1768224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9764672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -723840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7669728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7664256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5567904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6615680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7664768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4523712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8709664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10811648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10809824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6617920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9765728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5567328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1374464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11885520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1401632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9762496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -698096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7664096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9761632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12907552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15029896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15749104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37050080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -727328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35951288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 299040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -726080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3868352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2822944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38050816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1383232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35953664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1762496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32807936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1743240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30710784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38068416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -691960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9760448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6616448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7665408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4519200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12906656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8733576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9788536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5569344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10810368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10809504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9761120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23107592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7644488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5562976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 322112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8735552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 345592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12906848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2824096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3471968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1374432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8716416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8714464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7667520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4542392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7666560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9764288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9795152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11891368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8743328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6616064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9765440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13978536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10819296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30713424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1352648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19178384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12928800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2425248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18130952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19940080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14993344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12891152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8697928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6612704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14984080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1772064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37001040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35990112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10777008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1373952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2422048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10809504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6616544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16049888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8737568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4520448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38051872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5599496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18127872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4493656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5567776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4519200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1772544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6617312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7658176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -723968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16799904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4496224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5595064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -702048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5574176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -703880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10812384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8719136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6623712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4520288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1372544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26538176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6633656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 324672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23340848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19207136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15017536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23392544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31780304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1827640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7688264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4530536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9779488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9786624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2401016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38053928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6598344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2800824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7663488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38065440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23093856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3441568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8735032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13952512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8692472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -769056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13963072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18137928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12891528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11838200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7684624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8739192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31779136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13932256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2821216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29681280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26504560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12905216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9788744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8720096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8741936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1352440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5546744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -722048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3859104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3878056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25498912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -746976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9761888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1396664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21064352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6621224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9783608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8692032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9762944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1764864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14996000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 320768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3843720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2402072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1771488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8692384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5568960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6617472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8738088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2400928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7671232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1745320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3472352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1793376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6641040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11864416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30711312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27556176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8708800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30714128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32824944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3439248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2803320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30741504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19942128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18124912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12878112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23394528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20261760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22316576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9779744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 36995872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9733744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3869248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12936408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2800448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9790096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10839256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2453976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11861216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10838672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9763584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4540208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3472032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9761792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4519296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10813536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4521088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10831040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4231600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5551360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2431840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2443200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 325376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -723488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38049144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3476704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32807936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7676352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4521408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5568256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7661760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7666176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10811616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2424256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8742208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6617600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11862464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7666336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9763040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5569216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2817856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22043728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30702368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5585440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32807936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8720640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -694664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4521376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2419936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4519680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2449400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3869408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37032192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1343360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6610368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14982144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33858712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1803632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 323744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35956304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6622912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2800032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2421088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3471872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25233312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5543256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9740056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8710528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2410728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7645160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5574688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11846560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2831008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3480832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 37004968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2425016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10798896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5548184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10799336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13921568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10793384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2820160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2428288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1363624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6610400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38044856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8679328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4525440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7652464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7653608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6604304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3878992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7659168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7665600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22058560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10788952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3467648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10798192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29658800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9726944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -735528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7646720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9751640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4507792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9751904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6606968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6605824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 315600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3451120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 323648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8703064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 315928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7653608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9750760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5575616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6604944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7654488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7653608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7645424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9753840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35946824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9730944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 36996720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9758416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11628496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7637472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -731832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5553696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7671136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3459336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8693912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5559424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10820000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 314280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8701920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23364792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7631792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10792912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3452504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7656288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8721856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8703656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3458864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9762144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3460360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3449976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3880904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8693736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6605824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9772480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9769280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6630720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7653872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8701456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21017120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3496512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10805856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34902712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7638352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1773984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5566816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9785728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7645544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11866272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7645280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12887280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16050752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34905088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7628176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1384352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6622144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7666272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5575776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9773408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10791272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3454672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8695000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8694208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2405392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7673600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38057328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10807608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 305600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18969376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1794192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3885304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2397560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2418400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5576640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 322688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5553696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1373568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8713120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38075200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8701832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2841360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8694120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6596968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2418880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11870112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1353824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7645280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6618848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2836696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3885272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 305248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1354088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7663296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10810176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9743928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8724384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4547072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9761696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26243472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10782480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10806912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7645280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3860640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9740168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3845864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10789360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5549888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10810272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10809024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7667872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11861888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10809504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14984432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1773024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8694120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1790408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3468992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5570432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1371840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6623488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7644840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2405304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3450976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3888176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4525952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30485344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13962048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18148576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23398208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24448192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21277384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24406528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22327896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18118192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22324048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 37016904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6583216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9767648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33864168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10828800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -725536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9750232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6606088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6603888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7652200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12895256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17072456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4498696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1782520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9748824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 313312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5555312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9751904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2397264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22079144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17080992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4487744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11847912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7652112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1783928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7680384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4506384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9748328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13939112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38043976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 294480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11870528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6636424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8721344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7671168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3859360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11863904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38070816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13952720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6606088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7653608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -736936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7645248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1361360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3458160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6644160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3880728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9749880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2409584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16789584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 297440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1362152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1370304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2439312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3459304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6622592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5576864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8734616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4506208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1381856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2410464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1772384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4506416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2410728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8722080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5555048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8733264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3490696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6605032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3456488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3458072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7652728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32815680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8709048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5587848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8699368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7652464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7672512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11846240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22092392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4498464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9747032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3468224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4539688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1772352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7688992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -720544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9763008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5597208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3472352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7664640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12914368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2819872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4519680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35954720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3844928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8713216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5568736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7667104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5590032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2820832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9763424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24114832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18131920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7670464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3449416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28601776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22303744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33875072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37045856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5585792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14983200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5570048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8713216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28614688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25472152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28655232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18132752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2396976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35957448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5567104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2819808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10809888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10784704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13933472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21276240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35994304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4536256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37008312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22061256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35950768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6630432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8714432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7662528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7693008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7666752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7664928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14983200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4521472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25495328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5570360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33882784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8674928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 323744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8715232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7666176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3500056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1795072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8715392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1773408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6619040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -721408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2425504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24146224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2828544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9737616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10825632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13945856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8733264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13973088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8727808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8702184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7687288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2422528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8701040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2411608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9748472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9749616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9761888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9777344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10798192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10834056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11847648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11861152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2437312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12897192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2441808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8728768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8701920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12895344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9778592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12898864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10801448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20994160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5583200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5566912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8698752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2833472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10824672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3868832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11844832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4536000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9748472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6637152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6603888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7680192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8735864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7651144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2406680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7651144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2805568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10797048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4519872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8715136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9750760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3493088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10812768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6604680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10799072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5553992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10798192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2832064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7652464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13657848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11831616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2797120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10814080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10803232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10799336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8730112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2821120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7680096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1370176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9784752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3862528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2842480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -736408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9749880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3471776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3473408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10834368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9763520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12896400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 346008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11847560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 340160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10833120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37023104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7650336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10798192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5554168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10799512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9748472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22042496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10807648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3482144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12912608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11847912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -721760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11845800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3864224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6606088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9756128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9756128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38070816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8690608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10830664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6609728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12913088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1787712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10796784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4502984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10804032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3478976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8720320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6604680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7652464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3465440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6610400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6603888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2411872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7652728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2839248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20993880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3896624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4522656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 311024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8705352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1353792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9747504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8718688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7653520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9776096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2411608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10805568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36989792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8692448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2826208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9747888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7653344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9756128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11879240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5587784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6578496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24413544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32788656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1753952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7672320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2798952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10799952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8702976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3457544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9750584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24138544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4506784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10788512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5548888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6613536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9750760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2423712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9749584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2816992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6611552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7667712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17123368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6612288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9769376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7644984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7670208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10798192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4534464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7653432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1360920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11871328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6603888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14991880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6632480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15001408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12896488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11855392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11847648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -733856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13943920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11608736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4505232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -720680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38050080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38102560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 331856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10810488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9770432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11871040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7668960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7678176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3483776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8721472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 309264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4503568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1377984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9777440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24425792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1353664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4530720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12916448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10795024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9776480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7679232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 325608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9768416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3849544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10816320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22357088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6597264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25196216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5553152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9740608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7685768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4523616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4518504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6626048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38053536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8705616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2807968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7676832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6616544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2406328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2446384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3481280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6629600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8715096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11871232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1771984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8719168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5581792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -739224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7650792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8698840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -723584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6630272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9764728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10809664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25456928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2806912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17835928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11849024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25471136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5550032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11845280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11812920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14993344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14997472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18141088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35975432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6630384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 352480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1762272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6599168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10802208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27564304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21277152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8692336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5552576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8697960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2793480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7678944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8697784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8714832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10793880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7668456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1400408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2402632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11866912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11844992 bytes
