benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27583728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21403104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 52737216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -102464160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 182765968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -58449808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38035248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -56307808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -144429760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 96771680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 46535008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 252054592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -259734496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3905744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -62607952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14979456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 111412352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -52109440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -29085664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 168030432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -6315680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 235325424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23392480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -259774528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 142894000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -39517168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -8094144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -22790080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8676128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -22811904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 327141712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -251256752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 63244160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -144387440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -20675248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 180655312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 168076496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -337384064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 237278384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 46451520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38058176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 247909104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -136022960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 48579840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -119254304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4499744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 79979296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -182153152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 155472608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -22766896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 186652592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -127525904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 142970176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 100956672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -255587120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -37417584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 230981120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 50575840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -335230432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 298080096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 48219184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 59184512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -106637952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 107239152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 48567472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -159110896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 237234064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 59050832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2380176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -238803952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 251999232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -207199664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 119863632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 142894544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -20670544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -251372336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 272891824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -198918160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 189071648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -104605232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -8361424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 138834288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 86299760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -87777680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -10178704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 111440384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -175853312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -39575408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 84158144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12871776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 343922784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -131701008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25483632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -236681472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 262401184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -110839760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 165959904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -39573248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -180052416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 134548112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 243242112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 42340784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -161160384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 207952480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -146535584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -217755696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 354701280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -328956864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 149195552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 100922912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 165811472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 191260448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -117092080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -119227008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -110858320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 264656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -29062112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2405568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 163868976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 153386688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 329292000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -179966272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -167424032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 350524128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -289102864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 197413696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 65312544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -108739264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12859232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -154875232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 235002336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 107398672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -96185824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 88377504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -123423728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -33253776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 67398560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -255541648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 65305664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -60529280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14847392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 235282736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -234555168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 117757856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -110815520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 172260640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -230335568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 142889248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 113528016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -236687952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 138408176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17178304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 46443008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 52721136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10791584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -77268272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -89850928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -100391584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 142929712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -133924544 bytes
