benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 228709488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 88473600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -305872416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -22736016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 54809184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -31168512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -26965584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 273032288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -205325504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 77862528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 119511328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -12184176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 126211248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -73009456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -43866864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 228980336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -98312816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25483616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 50624992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -274494768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -8360208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 145214144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12833328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 172197472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -238706448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 61089872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -12284816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -123440784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 142875296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -165334192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 88156384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 36153488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 136509680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -177935104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6588992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8739376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 140776288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -272352592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 321101440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -257629072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 140588416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 57068848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -201067760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 145082000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 126030976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 361136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -154963600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -56338608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -64697440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 230918752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 239452864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -24828224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -211492256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 218481952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -219981776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 117722976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 207923904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -142263232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -196782512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 63177312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 241169856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -209242448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 293803776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -194669616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -5971648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 98776528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -196784384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 195306544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -159047008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 203701520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 291496800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -121156000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 77865248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 65352336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -251371632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -41730768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 214253664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -58403024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 161774704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -291261104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 169957472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -182080304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 86221488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 145081920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -125488864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 105131792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -165472848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 222666400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17092672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14976000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 352667104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 220562296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -226215712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 360998080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 308573344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4627584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19156032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -243009984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -69025264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 256142368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 266397696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -175797456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 48602128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -79467168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 163943360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -87819296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -71091424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31869008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 121870880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 48518128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 155469504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 132629824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -194792560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -56217760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 73576656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 128223280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10859440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -199003696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 82119200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -104498560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 61193216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 88433344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 69490352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -114981296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 138607568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -163202896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 184794928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6649200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -91926768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -219994352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23325488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 75957072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 54832176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -123515536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8796704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -56316256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 268759024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -14402992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -75274288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 71590896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 195075488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -10081264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 94702944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -152739472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -79390752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14942592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 77973280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 96693760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -41623728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -238737152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 56909568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -30995600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1780128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12884704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 193311744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -219960160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -37469808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 252049632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -253564896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 82144800 bytes
