benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31466928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33899520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1757184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13960064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27599136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21264864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2392832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31774880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24421176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18124584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20225816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19169648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22358720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2392752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24420384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3850432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22357952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25500960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6634016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7647600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34897072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6630272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17132064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37000944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37018432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38049920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13970304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31752624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10811616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31514144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12848672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2846640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30701808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19171536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32840096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18159072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9746304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5569504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4520832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2819104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16055168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12937760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13957344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12929960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35952520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18164512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18145384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16020528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17082992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1371688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31761296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2405160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10813344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3908912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2416744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2818624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12936592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11863264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1772256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16822288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32850432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18165856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33853232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7634432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34917936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2806816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15007456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7664928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2442848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2424928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3499784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11859712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4512640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7665024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32809080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28649408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27561624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24443872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19195104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26499104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1794368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20227136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19169568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26535136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23369520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17076416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23386856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27570256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22323584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31502816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23375552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21310528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24455104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 293520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16035296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38042240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16049288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33856512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24455968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5537280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23366760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16067744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3466976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12905696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7666560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25491968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16000672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10810368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3496624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21266176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35989152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27600544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17068480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18134056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3859744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1370104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34906320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14973584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 41965888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2435200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11843656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2399144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29664760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4513896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -721696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33846016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28648160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27588128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2388496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20229160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27546656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25474088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27557456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28606512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6634592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31742960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30702992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22358912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1802592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7664928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7665024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1380992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9789432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9762080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13955200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9762976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 326976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4520160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22041528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10779680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13931088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24418096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22358816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14999392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37033280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34894176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -754256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27569400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3852640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3828080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35945104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23405280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27570800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25460704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21314656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5536400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5567776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23370752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12918720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16034272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30714216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2409792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3498120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5593776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13962624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23090352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1372960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6590544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16031688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6623616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38050728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24451104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27560736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27559072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2408264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3471872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9762080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9762080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8713600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12907904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9766336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6616064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4520160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23370752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26534080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6596088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2422048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10809504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29665200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1368256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11827520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23365440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5537600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2843648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5286896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33894752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 329216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23369520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37022176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12877232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4520640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5575200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25472920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31780512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4518528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 325376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32802448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2432192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2402312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2844880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1772256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1374432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21277120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20261760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12918176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2829920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4520448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2431680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29653312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35990688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38040256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27589984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22348160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11872192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 36730656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1401448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19164432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14976432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30731488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29687072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1351264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3476320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 354304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8697552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1376768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7692072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2431968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9772000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3499784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4517088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3453880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38052752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6620640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 327040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9763328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3499784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6619648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8715936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5578560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5577408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2811200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8723136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7694024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4519296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13662192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2846608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 327712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28616752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3844864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3488960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26515160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32843712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28632288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5542160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22318536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1793424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38047440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31768480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22342080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4534656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33824224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24456064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11828896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1374496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31761208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8702848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30714832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3873720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2414544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 324960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4520736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13950208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2792544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30733888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5276400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30753184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33891040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1339920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3849856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3914416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -729952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 36997016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29698944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35977504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35969856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17114784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37007088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 36994560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30728032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19195456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22355456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19213472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9729424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26520352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16054560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31759360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34906752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32824392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10779280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11886168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4520640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15005440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7684480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34908080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19990048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15023392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7646320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7665536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20224144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5584096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1354704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -737760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22339104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1747152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27564400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9736144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11868640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2441600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35976768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3853248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1777824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2402864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5571456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5549912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13984608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11864512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13937112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32824672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7637392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13957664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17104064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37003664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7637552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19207968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18898792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17120544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17125720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14978592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8694416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19177416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7636320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7639296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17080352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2822616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4520448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30711840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2837896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35953928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7633552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5566624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9763872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5569408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37002240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21311488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1797744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27564160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7686768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1793928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3887968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5569024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25471776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10745400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11572432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10784880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16056512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2421320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -726080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20247936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8672448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3449128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24420384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19213472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26510848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21271224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 296528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9741200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22320592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 328944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30710784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26506624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20213328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9749592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6622336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6615200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1374816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38055392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11874400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14982144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5587536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9763328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34698960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11876032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24407872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12877056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5546016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31761912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1379104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33858712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3910320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28613632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3871192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34906232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31793888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12909248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2821696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27567256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1772984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 36997016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3481664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4520160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32800240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31751840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4501488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3471968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 325184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -721568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17903680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4496224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3471616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3474208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1773088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -716672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4519136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5553696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6618112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7690904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5591696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9760672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9761952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5569056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4518528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 303136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6592240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 39120336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7656280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30713776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18118080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8690952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2430048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24447680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23406240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12909952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11858560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13954976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6615168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8693360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30397784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32840768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1805552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5578144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4497912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18129456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7634672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4504128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19201920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19205024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33848672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11853928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1352976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8682976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4499168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2447112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -724096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 349000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32810608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1383936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16040960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33858832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2850208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3889176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1772928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3868416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6615680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34900656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2404304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31762120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13659544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3861312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23387120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 293248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10809248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17100736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 309232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3869856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1760032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26511376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21295584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14978384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17104256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10779088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3457224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37012576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3481088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21323248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18121152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29654448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3439136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31764496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 293248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3455728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2430208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18155200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16018432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32818848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31794176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10778768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15744080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31747600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2791816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6582800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7655256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31762000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -758416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -720480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27566112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14987344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25467904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30736480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2838136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33859064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27600832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29665232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4515040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5569024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2818656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23373392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3441248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9763328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12934368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9763648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1778336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35953664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -749536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10809504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22323848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20252128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26247800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10797104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14984080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8682128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8711104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33857744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 317656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19179088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37020544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38059496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5569568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33857568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5515264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32808992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11829856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10810752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9762080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21297376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20230336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5534800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13924912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22349088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16057888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38055424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18934072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37029536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3901040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35951288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29696736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21297120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19220448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12881312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31786720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13939320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27566992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1786600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -697536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12906656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2418880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5571232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32809464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37011624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12918720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35955864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 294480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9763328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16028160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3853312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12893232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13957728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15005248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1373472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8421456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8690528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15032352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15028672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8714080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1765920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4521024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12932144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38060936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16066208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -722816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15010336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11861056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5588928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17129504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15025376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -722304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20250624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12879312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18151456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27593792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33863400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8727328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17101952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2404832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21296160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18158560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22321520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25510752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3900000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23093224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5574976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4540832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6612480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16052864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22351488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14984720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20236640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19213088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21261680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22356704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22340160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22352672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26539232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1758144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2391896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23384512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12922592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22342880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3454344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7665056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21268464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16066496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28635520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20245184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24419616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37035424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9755632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7660736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24441024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18911120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17095072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23402400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23377640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22359488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26553696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8714464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5556840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4546904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5567968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38072608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2851168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9786768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10812960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17103744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17082416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21290760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2387312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21327240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16018720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18130712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -738552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3890440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3833664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8707056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27588448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10811136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22332296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9768896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27576760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35661384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21312928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2434912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7666272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21273512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33863928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22338896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37026016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1759296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38069952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25478144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4496384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33856424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14981264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26510904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31746384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20220112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17113440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9735632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21281960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17105824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13963520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2395152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10788896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25468960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 33892480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5538240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22088392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6569896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10809928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3470336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13957824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17099712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17116608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19188256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6598144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11836328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17080352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20246056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7677888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35953928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9732464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18119936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29651616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3850592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3881808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -723680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13934624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38052752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -717600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38044448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20253920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10780320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12906848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35667272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21307360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15006344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3853600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19191672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8686256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15003904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 29661240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38087840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38041040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12877472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12906656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16031776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2442432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4485728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7642904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27565848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2853584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1772256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37004880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7679072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14982936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2400288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26538040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20216128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20218272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19206112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25459264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28309648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21276792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19185888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24476832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19196040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25486792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11891104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3443608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17074392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2870688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10784344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24416272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25473976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2849568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9762944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3863680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9751640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1781224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22318536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16058440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27558304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1356136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12896224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19187944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22314336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12913592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12898840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17116928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19209984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18116112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38836752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22314176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 32838736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29715744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38061080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 37031984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34888368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38052688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34952160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6584176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12888744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 313576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3458072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35947352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13953184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2805664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1365232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1361800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1783160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9750760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9780704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27558216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22316896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16021040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14989040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11847560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13947088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12915968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5558392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22068792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -738816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2436856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 32809432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3898064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13940344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21265792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17082664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31753760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24450944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27557056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27587968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21283864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3912864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3890528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7645232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34891008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8717264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4501872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8702184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7655312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6603888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2411144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12901856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34899128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21273184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13953072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1801032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9733744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11875648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16788464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38106560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2430976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37027072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33904576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6588816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1353120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10808064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2429088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35953224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1346736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6617312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10779984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1355584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -724352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2818784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1761888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3474080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29654080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1790472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3861920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19205056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20220064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27586584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19174952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4491584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1789440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31753824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14980704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16033448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29407296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22300656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37004552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33905824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23392544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9749584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3886360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -722144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3888792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8693856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10839256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6626720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5576608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12889920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4503336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1370304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3468992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1380608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8696760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9744072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3888328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8696552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1375968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7676256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24445024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21270944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4513512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22318624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33891424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5543040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 41947872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7634672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11835680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4476176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3451680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16030808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38075104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13972512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7645544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34903504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12881232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 15003808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7645544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1772544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -727232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7664544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9770080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7663296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18155104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 304392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 304368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3885800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14961184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29689152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1818192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 323264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10814400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18134560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18115856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31462256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4511664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31769904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3897920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9764960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36990000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22350072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34898448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8689216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29668720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29701440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27605152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11866624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1764736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38031664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3850688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34900208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1377232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12895696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19187856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19173040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17072496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5547272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38045120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33857416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1376440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2832416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20234176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2388032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19157616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10524784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5540320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7675520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2420320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22321352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10816440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9763136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8712320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27586016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24422608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20221264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24412448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26540128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35985824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1379256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7683960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7635800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26504400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24430736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27593568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15021704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11869824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34913096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12884664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34913096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4514128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34905672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24447928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2401280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 37011392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3172744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7690336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33858912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7662408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -735000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30731936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 299992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2409848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35960528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7668424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10800216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34927488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1340336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13941224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35946944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32819784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20215664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7631712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25483968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1336976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26519616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1339376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3860320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8691592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28630848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10790152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25475560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7620512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32834400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1344816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10525240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20281056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14952728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10807008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2424320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2821984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37002240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7653752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16053632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17079136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16051584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21279824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17114080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13940544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21298144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17079216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18136344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1354552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -722656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5587328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2820640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35982560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3900960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10790504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8712736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3848296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11859008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10523936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13939888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16065888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15000160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16075376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16074440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20269888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16033920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13964032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27547936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 310112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3472896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5569952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6618944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16054976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18174856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38040080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4499344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11862368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24403008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -746576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11860864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2422048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9763712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8741688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10816192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32811456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1746048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35950768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34907752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5274000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16037040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 39116992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14986104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19221104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9748208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19220376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19184016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23365872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17126592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20228832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12878672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19202688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -746656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 328992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21294400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13920608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21300544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18128752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14984080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20277272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14978304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26521056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2818144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16030720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27566200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3494336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33856512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26233264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3455392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18153728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26507760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16090912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22324608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6595120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14991704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18164704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14998400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18136904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16045440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17102784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18134736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13934736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17114016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19179728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20232208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18134816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15004160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14991176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12909728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17102592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4490424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14991176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19185744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18135136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18124464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17094976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19178760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10533336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12898416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28609872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6595408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9762752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12894816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16073504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16034792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17089648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15001280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16039928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7686040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8700864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12896488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8735344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26523696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3460512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11822336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12908480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24413632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12878064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8734096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10813536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10797696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11845624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14993640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33863376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3872984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8701304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5570848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8401840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9752048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2808544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3455608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14990208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19211360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9762720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29668632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3901664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5553992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6603712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12895344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7680192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6619232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5554168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16038520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6605824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9750496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -722720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10799336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14994696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11843776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14994784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13944800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3458160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2823072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1371424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37033024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35995456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17088480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5286208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 332736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1353296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30697296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36994320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34947648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10807960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16074896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12903104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16036264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19195200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14975344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1787064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27587168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23364672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35967448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4515888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 321152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5565728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 37023104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13934448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10804032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21285096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9733584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27570600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4478944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19220376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19187536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2422016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10799336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9451272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11841936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9735240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -738840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25454096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25460064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26516560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24421328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22320472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18128592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21259072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27559376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27549536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25476376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27550656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28623072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20227864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30701904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31741120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25453824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29657248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25502112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28608352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28597152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30695264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20256288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27545936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29647888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 37773328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17073616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25485408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2843728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28622784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 282880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38070816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36009152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2444896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3484640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7652200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12929128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28620496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31796192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9786944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3486752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10825920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1388736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9747944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17110176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13943008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2408032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38052984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4497200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4533504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5555136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33878336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12931232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 338720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29404456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12898880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34908576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10839584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4531104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10800000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -702048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5573536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1768128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5568224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3471776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2408440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2813248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19185072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3457536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5565568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12906584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12920960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22333856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2402240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -724376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5570944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34922400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34907536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18178368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20228320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20225872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17082064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10800736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17117664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35693680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17083984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22361312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18144544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34902736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37012352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 302208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6630176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25476440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19180256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27569104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31798048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18125520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5548160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32821728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3470720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11842456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17115168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8704640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -736760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2816896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11857744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2420120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3471336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10822560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32813152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3855728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19197688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20221312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14998336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2130928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27602928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35981240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7692128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -719840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12905568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19203488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16021648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4531104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20231064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16025568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16058528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6621632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33862208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21287072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13935776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38056800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18142304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1814912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2821528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32812288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35968096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19180176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26519248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31788320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3461600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23382000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27589696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37037248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34919808 bytes
