benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24159792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30706624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9743408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26505584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26534080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11831696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3460832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 291104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15000800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2860128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20229336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21297536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23403072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 300144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1748440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17096608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10787576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19192904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5529680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28633080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27587104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1375680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22361312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3446192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18162304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5537440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 295600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2409648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3855200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3201296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 31781536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17094608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1795512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3477056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23391840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3466640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38072096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 6591520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9724848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 14987600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23401536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17127072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22312464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11866240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29680864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12877472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24456352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22339688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9731824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7660680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30746496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1344992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22350496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38086592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -753056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17116320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10799720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38087456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24175112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 328640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15011808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29692832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4493184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26546336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33842664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25510112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 34908784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30705024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1348080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18164896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38013928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22368576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19205920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16019408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1755936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9764960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38060880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -749872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 36998480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20261952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1804112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5580448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12910176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10811872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22346208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18155392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31784088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25491264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20218944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29656176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31774408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1785456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9766688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13962368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18087520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11844272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1318728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -729280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32804912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34951616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33848640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13937296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24457888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25461184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26553216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34923744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13955616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22326688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8683888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33875256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33882688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17099008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35991840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17109056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30715304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28397152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24410128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3492768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24416272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29697888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13964736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31757760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4523712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25451648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28652672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38056736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13925536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24435784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34908696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4531488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3867648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 325472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34916032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20261280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32837344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 293248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31794848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38046064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1792432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12919520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28627568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38054496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32806736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22345792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28649120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25284600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35997120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4510048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38060256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15018880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1788976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23402784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13952136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3910752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10779920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18174464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27607504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20220304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11867776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24421000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23363312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37038784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4516096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20231912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22311376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18101784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31796672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27589728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14975584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8728672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4522080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16063744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21298496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7635552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4535520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15763136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24457568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6615712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18126112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29666768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1804288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21309184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27602368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34927616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11858656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17098040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37014232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30747424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15010656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27602816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17058536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3864160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7661856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8725696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12931624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14986632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25498720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18133072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17045288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5570016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6639936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17106528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20231040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18139048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22326960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6339008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25517864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38075840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7661760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38080384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4531488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24456448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3441296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19222752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5558688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35956544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12904440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25465168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6586016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11872096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 313016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3842528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6607616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35972320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13963616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34943072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1368168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7673824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3447792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3473408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4501664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13965280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21297632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6598976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23338824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8458384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24451064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33867072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3451272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5577088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24441376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11830816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37027264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21304608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1354464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -752256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24423640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27556144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26533288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2396496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2813856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23376120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32848992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5546368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20253056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18120880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9748704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37023272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -753056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 2436704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3485792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 13959584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17083696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25494720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17095664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26245888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26525280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28609072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32841120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29685632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1350496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2795808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21300960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26520448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -726880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 290880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7691864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24424872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27603040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4489664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10819584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4529152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 15013760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30734368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13970880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19211200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8682768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31805760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38044864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7636352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6631232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9764160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16028664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13967232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 301184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37804136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22319280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1392672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4534368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28644896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38049680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18144088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34942400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3928176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23363312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7677312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29699232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31751440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3874800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31780392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10797992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -708736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3480320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7659040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29636040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3450008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21293824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22356800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30746464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12883456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7684584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8720640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32818176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7631136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 41967024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10834816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30740736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31750528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14983248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32808784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17072784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38045296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38067888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8683616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10805088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2427232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6609600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17090240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2448832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12914368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13942576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26571784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8691128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24438952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17115168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2850320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29700096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3466376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12924128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3841016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6617888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16060832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1796480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37021664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20012608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9762320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18150688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38042464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31753600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17082144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1374880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26554464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4497088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29682800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20214688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19179032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3444992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23393856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19200160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3898144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29656768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22347256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31757312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37031968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6630272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7661856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17108928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14977584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3904240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9771232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31784544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -753056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37834344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2365728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1806048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18142744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18120032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6596032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32843520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26555904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11835184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33875168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2850368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37021776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13926048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 15020128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28639328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13971456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8709432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37013184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20242096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29667056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7691424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -743944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38061760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33856160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13937528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33895648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2392512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25486648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27602176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1344896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31509176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16074336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10817696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21297952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16047176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8690992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9757568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19191792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17112480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 335264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31796096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27587040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32820960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9773888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25457008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20217504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4490352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19216928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26552736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20233944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10822528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7633136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10832600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19207456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12877072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1371360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35972232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4515216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28664776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27306400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32795056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31766600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24435608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15003936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21296272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22315536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23367232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8707408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37011152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1793392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32845056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18163648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 333728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8721184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3848288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6608672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2807584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37010016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1352416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1776152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -713600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30717328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27561136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38087456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2401072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15005784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38064280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35952992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27601024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31499784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6586728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24469504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11852256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27578872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26543232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12879392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32832704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20243416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1791616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3840704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34909600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3891136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 35968536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30703264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32824920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28634656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26521000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30716704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1377408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29662208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5547680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9727248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38055424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23361616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23370640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25503104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38075712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11862336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 27601664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23112264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18135376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8671008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36999200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15014848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2415424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25456768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2838720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33853376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13954592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2434112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20256768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34895408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23392104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34898368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2437632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17112288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30717320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18119952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11836712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 31781240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17069504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28622432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 293008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3470480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29691936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12876272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20192168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 39150016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10837384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12686240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38094888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11838496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11835096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24447008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3438656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20246112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23373632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26525392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21272224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11880224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 36001888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10757560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7656664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10791680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33867192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38075808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31782880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18117792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14988240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33901088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26552256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34907888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23362240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26495760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19181760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19197216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2391712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34691624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11834184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35942624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21271088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28633664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13968192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 311696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38051312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5576864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20262720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19172208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22340128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1804112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6591936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1764768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35921232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25504160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10824576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18148576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7641000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2805088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35978400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 27600736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17123200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33884384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9740848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32816320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2853584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24455872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29664768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29386112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2804672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19165488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21270800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23403488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31765368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35945104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32845248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11842368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6607320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33901688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32843712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13924848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30757760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -1802032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29710504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35975072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34897568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19212224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30717760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30702064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38055696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 295520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19179408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25476288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9775040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32795200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32843904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10818720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21318176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29409896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30730400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37028320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3898944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10819584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 302288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15005184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -715520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7641232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3479552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34918552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37025704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31752800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22320256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10803152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20224448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26548128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21305776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7677408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11832640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16059008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29686944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23344736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24440416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27558016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16066496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 327040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37005408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24411728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2191568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19207808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10775760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20255424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28635520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20194544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27575792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2857168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -699904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 29688864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25460144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23390976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7657952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3864640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 346176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16050144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19173192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -3850944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14996576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3445712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9769920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15006304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13958688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18126904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 25474440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19145464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30717320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21314136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18118352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9762592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37840016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32823712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30764992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22376000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38088704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16064576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19172664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 1336224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9744128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11849352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2431168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7691072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33881568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35972384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9739632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20240128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4487664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5582272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6617696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4521536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34937792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18164128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19183864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13952448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11872480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37001360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 24455008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20240688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38089792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20244160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 40975216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1385696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20224848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27570064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23367232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21271344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11826736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11873632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24444224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11881856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14978848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1776504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35963728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32825536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 326280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17104128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2847360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3846176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4513632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2433760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19228904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16020720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13950024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -715904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15027112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12910176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2396296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21292288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27546416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3442048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28353544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14973184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37018608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16088416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35971704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7678176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -710912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2838192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38032072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1755744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18124272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23393984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 296560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 35974344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2850208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18152704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27565936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1361592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11825840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3488288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26531384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14975424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10825824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 38056184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1349424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37010888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21265808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12921632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27554736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34943360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18910216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31789088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6634496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8722720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -702568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24440416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32831664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24459424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4497088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8728576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 28618120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31797440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25488704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32844768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18147584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11873440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37029192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -712096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18122912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 32804416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26506384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2404512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17098040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19189296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22344064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14975584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21312736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9732864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24438864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1117632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12891296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10832000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3475584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4507616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12879560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8710368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10810624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29681712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26516152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2797632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21264160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2845032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28611544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2430472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25483656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31788488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1767616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22323256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35942704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34906696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22351568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8707200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17076152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28611984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2370992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1762304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3465904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17090000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16015200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5286016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29678368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9753992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30732608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16026520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21242960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16018160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30730376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10788040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3476672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28627504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1747808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34912856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21303392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23360352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22355168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -750416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9771936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25484856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14986128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18118752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12871632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1809072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12873472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28664768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3428288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27567544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3485184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17062816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13940896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38818296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13917168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25462328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5521920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8679648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11865248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23397944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 37008424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31750880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38031296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34926976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 32779696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19169872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 37006048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28615240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3444928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12915176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1384544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9753928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10782232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5544808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2827488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22342688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13917088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20219424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26503440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26546664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34927848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6587664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19179024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25149360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10806112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32841120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4510696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 290064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2439520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27566992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2866208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22327040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -712640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 331936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8728288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5549272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2417152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11873632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19196960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8696904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38099840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35972904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12935264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14970368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 335168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7674240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22346912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9729904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1774512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1394496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23359392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12902120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33850816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22056392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8685992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31766720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31764080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22376096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7662016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32827744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28599872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17102464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 28624160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30707088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33885216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13964256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18132736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23377288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3458160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22325720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12914400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32806464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30695248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3870784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2391392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32832576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31806944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9740432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 33904672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21293896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11833200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31757360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29665576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 15766568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11856328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38047264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23366752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24404032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34909776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -2822464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 5577472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23353056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1797072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34903248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29641648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 27570336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26530880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1372272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2438368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22319944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3434608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31762640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3842160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30732096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30708128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24444256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 12939008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32829464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13952808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25513248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8688192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31750080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22318096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28308080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36008800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -699904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1749728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9749264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10790272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32821544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14983312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17086448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24450480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28603152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19182080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6596640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32812800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33850464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5534160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24449512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29652768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7629712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27595152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22321936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11827296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38042096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35975368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25505120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 2421728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27571416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1327856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8680368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24431704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34648432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34887952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5572856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26546664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17125696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34917952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19177880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 293520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18157616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7620800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27567632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24431312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6614400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22351040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24447576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 3470976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7632272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4537920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10782232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18173152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -734352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33862080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5535520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 31761760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11832744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16058528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22334816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2818464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28612424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 39901704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20259328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -745944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 37005432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10813536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24447488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1351472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17092288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24422520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6619232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -743304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15000240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2829072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10783112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7659328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -758576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30717408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28643424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13924048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22344800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33846992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19208192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 29686368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9735424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 24479520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28641968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36981648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20243736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8682928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 53632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2391104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 332448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 291024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21294016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2359592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 342048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17113888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30703344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22345280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33891296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13915968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5587232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22327368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 27570976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6639648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38057880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3891320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3456368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8722496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32824864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19180144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23366416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16076416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28610672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32807496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23369296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3491712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17126368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22059960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6619816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1791248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 337344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2424416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 306080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2843024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21297088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7644976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38053392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38047520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38071288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 340320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12932064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35954368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11831696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29665888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33881216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22345280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6619200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7632416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37047416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1393216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28603072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21281984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6598488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5580224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37006728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37004000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11589768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 5575616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34906848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17082840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20220144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33851712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18096160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20213824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38048096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1393408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8714856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2451376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26540512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3433488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 38057176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28636064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23396064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2838704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4483328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26523544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26556640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26515680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4549728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 37012736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30746432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12920064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25512480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31754800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35978112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35704776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30748544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 39102496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22329096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22303136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8736128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21315392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3845248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14980936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10814080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -701024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32819520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34934784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22354880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29674760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25497120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9747888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11860064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19192520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38057520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29703424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23409896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 304832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9766944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -748936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31758152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27556576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18150080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27554816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12929280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10574864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15033088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11852136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7649912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27589600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18117792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3855008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1341056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24419616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3844792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38056448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21315104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21263440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22337016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1357520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -721120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8736160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21270280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35981472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27552096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3464640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1785968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2837432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30718144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16056576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1783808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30692112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10805440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19214112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -727072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 40975168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38062960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7689664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16076160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27608672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26503440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 35998720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29684704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12891352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30736928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 38052576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16071072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37005784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -736752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -3903104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21301472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10817280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9720384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19192256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 32834688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31787872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5536560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6637152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3439728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29674584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10786368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2446592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 24431704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23412448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20216624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11570784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18149280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29665552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34891808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20269216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13926848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32790896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28631872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30689664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10819456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27573616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21274784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24463424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31779536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26507880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12889872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32811304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 9782672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2796576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21318984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20216224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26541472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11878496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21279168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1752992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3843904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7651528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10832256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29681184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2856768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24159080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3827328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26545696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18151480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16012768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2802240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33883552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5554816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1375648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14996808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5529040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38095392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 32810424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11836096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 39120096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24406080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29672616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30714008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2834648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7670360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2389792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1382688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38063280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21277520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24420208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3476672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 37020600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20253096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23373504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26263816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18119792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11842176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38057176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3871544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13952032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19208656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18127952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3479752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 38069176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1391104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6635904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35948232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33884672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22343904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31764400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11848528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11824176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1783664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27559376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10814784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16076064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17101792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13935792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -2813992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30744544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1776416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1748064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20265504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9480744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9788320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10829176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22332384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26553216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13919720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37053504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31751248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32798944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26517008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -740528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32813104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8683056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35956064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19174832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13961320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -741568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25481120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14979072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20215136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27617760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20264600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29679136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2842800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30738656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21273648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32798384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31770432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25484928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37006400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34642976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2837280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3420856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13958416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9768704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16059584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24431392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21250536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9741472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33907488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34924000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25470416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31800608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28656160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4504768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21296336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11835984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31801312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3927816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25517056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14993584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6604128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5565440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1381344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23378272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4517416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24472992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16035168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13943008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7666872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32596472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22370272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25487456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37007344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9740672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34960096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29704512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30735424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9730352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34919256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21300176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24422656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26518688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23375472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17121920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22328880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9749880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20197824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11838864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23411208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28619808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2401344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4514512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31751568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34908256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2808928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -729424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17092960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21321600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31781184 bytes
