benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17857040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23361056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24460960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21275536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17074704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22295368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23369696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28606112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26538480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20221952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25471632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24414984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20231312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26556960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23361056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17072736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26537512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25465824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26528288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20225712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 36721968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26512480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28606832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26537512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28610640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2836320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24443680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26515248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24410272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18130072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27557440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24442648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23371808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19170816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28611200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29654272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25458128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25461344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25508384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25461184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8687968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24464088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23363952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21286152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27559456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16021904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 37763936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23338256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26508880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24416048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24412768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25485792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26509968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20215248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11828896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17125200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1773072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8708288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27586720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22344176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21301536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26510864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24409632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25459344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26513840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18119056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2824816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23393280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26553216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24411808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 43014760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32841696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23363232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26509920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24411536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22313776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23416192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27557536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16028144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15003872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25460304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26510800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27554240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21309472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24413696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24424608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29663000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27555280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3448336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26538144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22319056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25457968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25460144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9744384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8716224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1829080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38075616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32505200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10796288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13925712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32797200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3899744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35952520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37038208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1760256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15000320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1772160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35953664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3899744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18152256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27605440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 324016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6582880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32832192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13966560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12907520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34906144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38065512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2434624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5569120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 323744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14999744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7665024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 327104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20248288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22317744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3195760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16063008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33904160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2437120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20221888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32798160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 297520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 326624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12879504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2449192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1744824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4525120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25467904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 5537328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31751504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 3453112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23386856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33893536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18163648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28601696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24416528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27555936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37025120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20242536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16013120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3859456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 18143184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1775624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30710512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13931952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 89944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35950704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3899840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8713120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37008872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8685968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19182024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12887576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2820832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30721552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10786384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16033448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28616888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17087768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -736176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2794272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1393960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4488784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20249088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8723680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32813688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17095752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30746464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10780848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16024528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35945008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20263008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30736128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34898288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 7354704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29717992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15014272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3472992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14988688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17078064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20266272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2853264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1374720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20246688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21255360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22312400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26508960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25487376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24416288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22357952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32836608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20250080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34895312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19192816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8695560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24419240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33844496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5551792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31760856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1377952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19175216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37771488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 12898280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18149152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25490048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20213008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30743968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30704272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23420608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 11830896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31762880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9743784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35959736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30748768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26541024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21264624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4490752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -3868448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4499408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6616544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 32807584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 336992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21273600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8708200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 4525472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21299712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1329320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20225992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19211840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6585136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -722720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18907280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5573000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3471128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35952168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7691072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 343616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8734304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1775616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34929440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27557376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23387120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11873152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10789336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28635584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 22322096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5587848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30713336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -757232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1373088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10790832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3450448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29663264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13927088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8713280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11839056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30713512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3896096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9789016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3496704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30715800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29427728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31790920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6610080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8712736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31761736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30735200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38041296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32824656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21311584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16049376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1378208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7638120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 7645016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3461664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32812072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33906368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21309376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -1759392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 31763232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32831776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32828992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21262864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 39126272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17070736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 36999040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25483216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 39140448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -731184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4491776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16033096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1086960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18127488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20253888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3844136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9765280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 34925792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25504832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1351600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9785792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 30763216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21308416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2826048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1337184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13972512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37000008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4522784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2810784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3470912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35951328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20261760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28649024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29711856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27596480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3463296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18142832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17073536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28613312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23358928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9763816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26549984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31480688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24443296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -736320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9763808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3846176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5574336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31770480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12880320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35954720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29698944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7638816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19202624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3481088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20222264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35968624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -751632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27567256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18125232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9772320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25471248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 32831328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27608568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38050728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8704768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4497440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4499816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14983112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19218816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29395640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23382744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17076304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8708608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31760152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 33861352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12917888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24462944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6586016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17101824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14974624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1322264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38048968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23353952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13940808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -720960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6630272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23368016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3855200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13956480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3868448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7664928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16084256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 5569216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28605776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16785456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16033984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8721440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 320000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 25490144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26554368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24422000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18167392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2391632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2791568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6617984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14982144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6637672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4539792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17130608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10781440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17103360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 13928344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19200224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12873784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2434144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4502136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23420712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22359200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23366640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 23364192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34941824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11845864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35957360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 41955472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34921632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34918992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3856448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16053472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4484256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 36986808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18116960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16032480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23373160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12920768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13955008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38051200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12918176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11863168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17078976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -762192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14974352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7664672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18154624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7647632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3471040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32802360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33871824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11839960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5556840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25468288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16084736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28602912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23370272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 87568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5544800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2407592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4514304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13952736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11864128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9766112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12910592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3497248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8739168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2420640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2422624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9761408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9761408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4518784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11834920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13954880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6642120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -719168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34899512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23362192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21298560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21246720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22315616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23358032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22316496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23364160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1794912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21295744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38845472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24454048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25460384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26508688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24419248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23366992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 15018112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10814592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16058720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18155680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17077184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8697664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3865952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25471632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7667072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 26512944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23358016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9730432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3905808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11858976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30705208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8652216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1747944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9766368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25460352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1795424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4496768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29662592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23365312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30708144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13647944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33904352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33901792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24410496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38087840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6630272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16030808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38051080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29677520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18149440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30735392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2400992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13934360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12886048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25469840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2437568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10810752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11833360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29689312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 33903392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24473864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23406240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25473104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13927008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28603936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32830496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9728768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -723200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9762272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3470720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2130176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25486584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18116896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11829056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13955136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22322176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 36008408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16038080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37003296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5539440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31760504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17101824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3456280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25458208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18133072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6596560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24421528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3450360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15030168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11859328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6617600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6598144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30710784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5542904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3869312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 35954720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8682288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24142432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11838400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -726464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13952736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13977288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18148288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4496856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7665216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17102112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11834304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7663776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15004960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13955232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11858080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15004960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19196096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13931008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17102112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19176744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12877472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 10810656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13933864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6616192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15003328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5569024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 323744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20246688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7638512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12907904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28334736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8719712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18172216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7627792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2400752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18128336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12905056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 28628832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12852496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9787768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3498952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15022472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 6594176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11876744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13955712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16078288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3470144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17129192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19197376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16053280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 32829632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11870944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 2401016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12887656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13984712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26513400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33879808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34940864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13967136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7693152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17860880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34930752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7662208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4543536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8739544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 302456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31780544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8713920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18129656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17099184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 4503360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16032416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21295104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5531280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17081080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11829136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21297184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16031008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18150208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21292256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20213344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19166608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20216224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13925968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17103648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19185888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1802672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27588192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20224544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 35679408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1763864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34922528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -1803632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18176064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -728288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23418008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 12928224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: -2795144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 34918848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17050832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18141688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26507920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 27561280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33875168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33848992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 15998944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11838112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7666560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 38071520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11871904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26538176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22360528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8682128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7660032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 37022784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 5537600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 3488616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 33869792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7365152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8687888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9756000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8708704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11855584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3494232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -721856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11845152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8739296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1771008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13955232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4546448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8714464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19199744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12876432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16039456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16053536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 345280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1771296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17103072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3868544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13955232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 24444256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 27600832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3465824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3491008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10812544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8384360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7649768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17107904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16040128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17134184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14978856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18179912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16031776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15016064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15032768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16057760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18179184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19179352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18134768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17096808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17074096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16082136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9783088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12936720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18172424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16025408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16056032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16055424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15005056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17102368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -727808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11887832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37035168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -754016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 25188696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34896592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9789472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3491632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23369608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34923920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -709856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 37003296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -752176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -724832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 1372320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8687696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18150784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -3873568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2820736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3501200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -2819200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 3473376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11858080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11860192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13956384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19197480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14987896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31760592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: -1804768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13680600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25516704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10826304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 30705968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35953104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33858120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14972944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10800568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38022816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5546656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11847912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11849672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14993640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3859072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18118272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5573384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29659592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24424768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1768064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24415424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33830592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24446344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8680288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25487904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 29709568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14974544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 2392512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 35973664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 38052160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7667896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24141128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19186208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 1339696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5548096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6595352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 12909344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 4499432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 36997896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33857328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10782080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11847824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18140048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -2840544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 26519616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6575616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3458128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16018912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11859904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27575408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27570448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27552736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24391888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23377176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24451360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13927808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 36996544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25486264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25473104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10777520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10798192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34619280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13927888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 6605600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5572224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21267552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9730624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -734824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 322400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -3838728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8691152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22361056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22311216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 3436848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5549656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7664640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28600784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1807312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 31755456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 7631872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13927784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27587168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 27606016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: -1792752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9733304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 28634208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8699160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19174040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19165408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34897408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 5571448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32501392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18180512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -762112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4529472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 32805208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34900288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11839696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 29650528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 39120576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19197632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 36994000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3873864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20224584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1798752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 321728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9742784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8694120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9742696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 25467376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18128192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -743040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1374880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17110400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24417656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26511760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1770592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9744192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24444128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17074336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22031696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 26547264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23355616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 24439976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30730288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1343440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11858848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23422584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6615328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2402752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35959032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19194808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10777280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 37027072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31786496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7668192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3468992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2401960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22320592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18155552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38040000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2394512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7645544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2420416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 2402752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3889936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35952080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -3872456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3450536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 23099568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3447600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38048336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3443088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9759680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11856352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -1793840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 4515936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13962656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 15010752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18130160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17081608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: -738552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9761600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3469472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 7661760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22324464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13928848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16033448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17110112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20255328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19170688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6585376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 3482432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 38050376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 1346976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 8694560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10793616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 34898456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26230936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28643728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 334464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23390752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8719552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35961672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10777600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26538976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12868512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -721856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1361272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38058824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11863872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30736960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1341776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32790480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 26516592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7648536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8710784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1350888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23409792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3895776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5554520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10781088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5572000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 33877024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19204256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 8716544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10786632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 27584768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23116688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 323136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21278616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38097312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9766192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19202624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18117712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4510608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7651936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9769472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30705088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 34915176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1775568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 5555048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25463352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3865152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21263280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14973584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14995576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23414680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 38079680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13960056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6606968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28627328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 28619992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16036112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2831096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16043624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22337016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19167088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 40935216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20212944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -3900864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21274416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16025920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -2832152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23381280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 25483184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20214624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20252480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6587840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9770080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 10799336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13944800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -1783576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20250336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18146640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30694304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17080024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16033032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12895344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 9778304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 30711016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: -749904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15000032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14993464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7653080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17089648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 7669728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 4507880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 29374600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17088472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1787808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1375744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24447040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10785640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12906944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10814496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16055424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3472512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15000224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18151648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 3484512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26544192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 26527416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31742880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2859968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2423680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35981088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16033440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1768416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34901184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7683232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2426720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7694360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 31766312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 1354672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30707056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13942160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 35683416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7645376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17123264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -746584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10832496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2425472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13957056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21296416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 9740224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11861504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4520928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15006848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16054464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6600664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7679104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10810656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20268744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19180272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18132360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3887736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11887416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17103360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -2835176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 24403328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7648736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18172632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19182808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16060928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33593624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 4501264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16037960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 8709856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 329280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 322496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6616256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11855968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17102208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17087768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17087768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16037696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13978536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19184920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14984384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18154112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17107008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12905856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 28620848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 2420896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -1770080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19177408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 7683136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34923744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 30713184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 6599760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 12907808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11858944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30431928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1372384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17086568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13955776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18171696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34898848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21290992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 5591936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10812288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 3484640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1395832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7652200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13946208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8701040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13958016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6599344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22340160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18168448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8695704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21317008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20226608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13922768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2799720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22359008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6583376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30702888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 34888288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22362816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31763344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12923840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1068480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12897616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9768096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15003136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 6601424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12897544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12897720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16039048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25476792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18115472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20220064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 4535680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11826416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30707024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37011536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23413344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2834584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30714360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18140160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18116592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25474504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2830944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18155392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2839752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28607936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20235112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25508256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37058976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27591896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 7632672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17857040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 26530864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22367520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28605712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29667600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 30698384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 29651088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28641408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27568336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 25455824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 28623376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19166208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9749008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18168448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1360248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 27572504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -1807072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33850728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 2440352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 1361888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: -2831272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11856512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 8728768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12925760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21311680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 23360592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33899264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19194808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13936352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18169312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36722616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6598016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21299584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27550336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13925728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28630304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13919648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1765152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3478688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16039928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20255904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35998080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8710632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10804704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3848464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 29666192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18109632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10772912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16034648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1777344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7658592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22332616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17067376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24456032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19164400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20218224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18127792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21271544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5545760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3833840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 36717760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3495584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6620960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2441536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2411608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15022432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 5591696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3477632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3853184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28601184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26524952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23357632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24423088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28606272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23379224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7631552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 341120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16042216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17091584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22331616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2389712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24431880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30731784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31791520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 35942464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 2441600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18135440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25476968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12886112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 6605032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10507048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17085616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24411488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1373728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16042040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24451744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24420208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 28633632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26499200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26498240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 25471424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26511840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26500352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12870912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19222664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27575464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -1807392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 306096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13964736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22369432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 24417944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17068928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4502688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3459304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 7655544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12931248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: -3879848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 3466496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17089912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16040400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37769160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16025008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35965776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17104816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 3453024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 1399680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -722792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21308608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19181216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6607808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5576320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15010240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21297728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14982672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35969952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16031728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20248200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17079504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23381824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11839104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -739224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13967904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24446080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16041728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20235640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34959232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8732352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13969536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26551488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23358816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 38870744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25475648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26522560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 26524528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13940704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8739936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 4506688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 29674144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 2422016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3860576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37015840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34953568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33871232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10817728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34896816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22336928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 30736160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7634880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16045376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24430736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7649200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8737344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24472200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8697296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1754112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34920704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18182880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9744960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 27576024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24433280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33596160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 25486176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -1802904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23358224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19229248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9739296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 6616800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10810224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 33858560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37031168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12908400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7667224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15005144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8736096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -3856352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -2838400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -709664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 8682256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 24423392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9740496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14996512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 11824152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 7668960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 31763848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18149200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 5569512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 9750240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 329984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32813920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 28626816 bytes
