benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16799944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30752032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4513896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12908768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11826720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1743656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13934536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2835000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 18157632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 4495944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29657776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 7664112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23376240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 22358912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13967648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11858368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 38053456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25484272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30747520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13956384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1340416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 8742768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11838616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30715624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35978208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19213472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16043480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 5583136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3447808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 26235664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33908384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3858656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13927088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 2399232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11837472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17102304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17086336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20245344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 10781280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13955232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21320544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 20206928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19159968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17073056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 19206912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17070656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21278472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17071776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11827456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -719712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 23374536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 343040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 9775040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13976976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -721792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -1772256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21275712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29403992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 1382560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12906176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16081720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12909056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3490800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 13931984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 35997072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 28631056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27588736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 32805472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 29686752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 27558496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 25464824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 30719432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2852864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 15008896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16055744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -3887648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 3473376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 17076960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 33881696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24413568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 16030048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 12908288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 24440896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 21256880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: 11833104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1NoTranspose - Memory used: -2819488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 40965680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4478704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37020928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14997456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34907728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12903648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 25450544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8659848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 33859536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10782080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12910528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15008256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 4504920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38050544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35989152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19206848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -709856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27570544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22319056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2843744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2819648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -721536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24448064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 34943072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22357664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 1360360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16054784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20250272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -2831304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11840760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9452392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7683360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7632512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17076304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 19178560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26521264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23368432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26509200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 6584000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10812384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12907808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12884992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20274440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 14974384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 9762560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 16051424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37003296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -752176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 15005440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 21273328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31786240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -751488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12910400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10839360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27554552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 30716304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 23376416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26556960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 17076832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 24425512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 36717376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12879872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 10775824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -1773504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 38054104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 12879312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 32815448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 35990976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 8708200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 28614688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37027616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29663536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 26539872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2426144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 20213824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3876416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 11828656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 13937912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37001728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: -3855584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 353472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27569664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 37025664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 336608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 27567696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 29688128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 31751600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 22320416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 2423280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithHamming - Memory used: 7672128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33575680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20263392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24412768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10781120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21321520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17074304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20237552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 37040512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20226872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22315456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 8685152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25492160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2849408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18151648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22342768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19149424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3442128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15006368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22346624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 17132936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2835528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3452152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30701008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35945024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38059056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 30729440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26510960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25457088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21310816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 335968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 36703576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35950912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5582848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31751664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1805168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 323744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1743344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -725792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2818624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -724832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2820832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 35953664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 29671680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33848992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 34923744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22324376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 28636160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25492160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 38073520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21263744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 5581984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10788632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 19178328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20214144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 23394528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24427568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27600736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1369920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10811136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14711184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 1348496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 15008448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 26535552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 18117056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 16030632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20246784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14975904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 14984784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2839392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33857568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2850128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -1793136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9744456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 25489952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 24429296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20219264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 9767520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 10811904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 36996960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 27602080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 20217088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2854768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 31790368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: -2850400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33888960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 33892288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 21297280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 3425896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTouzet - Memory used: 6617856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 16801016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 5542800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13986936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18146944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 10806496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24442144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -2816736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17081936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4489632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4513120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 17102880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3444928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21277944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24456064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26510960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24453952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25505888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19214432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33872792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24436576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21311584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13965504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21281288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19214432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6597344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1354088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8681384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14989480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27580576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8688208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 39843280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12922688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24418448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21269264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 21265040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3839680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8719008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8734720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2430816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20242336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 11870944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 323936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 32805200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 4498056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -3851616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8684208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 27565120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 38073408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 19191496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 12918368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18160640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28649408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1347224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6618720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14985136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: -722432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9757536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8712352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6597344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3464448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37768752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35990208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 9733600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 14980352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 20245728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 28649312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 29692448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13923168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13959680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25464768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 37019488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1367992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13937912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18130864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 13922432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35952544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 1366760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6626112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23371984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 8728672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 23373480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 25514208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 33892000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 35968712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 6586016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 26519472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 2426560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 18150304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 3442448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance1WithTranspose - Memory used: 24416992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24135472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 19208544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1801024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31750384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38076832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 1388640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3449480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6592216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11836328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11838264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35945728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30686568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 24457216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1802832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11840112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12883872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30708448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35957536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 309328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31788896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26510848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21261744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 21308128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27600832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 38072960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 35990592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4511696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31785664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28314640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 34951360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10777200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3449744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1774656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16081240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30700288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 28610800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16051752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 37003384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8704680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 12884992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11828400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26511256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 31795360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11830784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 6644536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26517272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2853504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1771008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -720800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2821120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2819488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 36992544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 29654768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3448864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17080264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -3919752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11546704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 14986208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8681648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 10785464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2849224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3448864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 26518504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -2806624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 27564864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 346736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17103360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4517416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17080352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18124592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2392176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17067680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 7639232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 2402928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 18117368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 22310160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 17079904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9761264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 3498288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 11887936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 16081720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 8738712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 30711840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: -1799984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 4524800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2NoTranspose - Memory used: 9738560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 7365096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8726848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9751936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19194464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -754016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24445088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13935648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20247456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18116192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24417216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37023552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16067456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13936296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -741448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 6588840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13958048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34902352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11851728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4525952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30713456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2390400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -722304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4523584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20230160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3439248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29687680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 23372984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 2453248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22328896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 310704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1126848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17059216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29693952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 32807456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 33848400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2806720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 9764064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16032512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 10790336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8716448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17071024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12891968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1399056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1772416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25481216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 37010712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 1349720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 4542392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 30714600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 310616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 19222456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14992528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -3868608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24423144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 5598880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16052864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 34876264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 29698176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 14974784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8693272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25154096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 12944576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8715392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8693360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -746112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 16034272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1787648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 13936152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25432168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 3442208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -721152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -2818976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 8694240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18123032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 24440928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 38023856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1758432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20254304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 22315376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 11839216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18157152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 28621576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21280576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 21298616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 25462304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: -1795152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 17104064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18138696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 20227432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithHamming - Memory used: 18131632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 37777064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16038960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14999264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21294016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21321248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29651248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 26548512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4486608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 38051608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12922304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9765376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 28616304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 5544696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32808992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30726448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7602912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13955232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4521696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8714464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17081936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21251760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20254336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31751600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 23393568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1354416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 4542808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 7652528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -3858592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 31779800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29430272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13977280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 30731488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 25431520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12930048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12905312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11860288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17071600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 14988888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 29629992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19202304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32843712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 6614720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9744464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32799280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 1375808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 3449776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17103072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18130192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19193960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19174688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20237816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16024160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22347200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16022160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18175896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21273632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21276144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16029904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19199360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 34655168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 32843136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 8712800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 9760928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20245440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 11839120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12908480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 13955520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 24467104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 22347936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16002760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19219336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17084664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18136344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20216784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 20216464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 21270560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: -2849408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16053632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 15012096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17106304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 17112096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16039192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 19199360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18157312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 18143360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTouzet - Memory used: 12920384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 30428776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16035520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19221936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19200832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22312576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13952832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18158368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10794816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9780528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16079120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17100736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19183424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18150816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20213552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14952168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20246560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11826816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17100832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17087240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17092232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20261152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18120352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11851728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17127696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19183424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18118272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20233440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 26260744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19169328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17099936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20226992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13925008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16054400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17080112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16019200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16044800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 9785064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18176624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19168408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 23362112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18150896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16049024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16039984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19227904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18151776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 11853928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18177352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17080648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18127792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21290760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18121152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21289704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19164448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22346080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16055680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19200896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 13957760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 31482288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7677024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17087064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18122736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14997456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17108416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16037872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20265664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17067616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17087768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14989120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20254144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20215184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 14971424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19216568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17074720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20232000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18119312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 16048928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 18151456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 7659712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19206816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 19201696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 20210672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17071776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 17091176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 22329152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 8684208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 10835552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance2WithTranspose - Memory used: 21275120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31473584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15012120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 9758240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13982528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13986752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12928192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17130128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18119472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14999656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18179808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15004144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6619072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16056672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15007712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 5567776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19202944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20219264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22305616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 11831696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18153120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18129720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18145384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22339688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20219264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18123152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21275712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19171888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 31741600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 34618592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17114304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17076656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14964048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21294016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18125776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17094784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18122432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20221944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18123360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18131120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10780320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18151168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20246056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6625024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18150880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 15010080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17079208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 14987016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 12906656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21271840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19167888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22309912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19178192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17082464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18129720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18139872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 30455136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 7644136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17086536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 6596088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17099712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20220752 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 18128256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 13943984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 19198112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21278848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17072640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21278472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 8722432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 4518048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 10838320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 16034096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20246688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22319664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21266080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20223424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 21267040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 20218544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22314576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 22315744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3NoTranspose - Memory used: 23377040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 33577104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 15010304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21282336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19196360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21268256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19166528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18125520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19175328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21262960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23360512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17069936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19181840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20214464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19168608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20227104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23389112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22368288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22311776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 24409408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14976448 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22333408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21263200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21262240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21264000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25459584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14961392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23384184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23361472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16020800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16037024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 36723024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16028488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11838648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20247264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22312816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21264240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19166208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18124816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18128688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21262000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21262240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 17070736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20228216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 23361392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 9785472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18156416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22316216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19166528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19165008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16029336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13947000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18140248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21278200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21293248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20215904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18117312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19181024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18119472 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16024936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 34621520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19168688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 16020800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 8703064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20228336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21265520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21263840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21322208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 14973504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13945064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19187216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19165008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 11831864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19187592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19167008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22357288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19166848 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20215344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21263200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19167088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 19173920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 13952072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20239600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20216384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 25457344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 21264240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 20212304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 18117232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 10788568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithHamming - Memory used: 22328656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30446240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21326912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20220304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18123952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21281048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18115312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16030920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18132008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19173368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20221104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20220064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22317216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14985336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19206016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21280160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18094864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20222560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21268880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18117552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19177616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18131656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11834040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 13955232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 35953136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18139016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16028344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14985312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17100768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18127784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 31502352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14986304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20232264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14977424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17100864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17087768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14991760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20246496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19171728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21265440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14978224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17102112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19174864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16025920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14984872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16033800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14984432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17100960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19176008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10781040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20257056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18117632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17078064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11842720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19180232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14975344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14987040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17082728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18135024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18126552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 30419672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21283920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 10775024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20246208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18118992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14976384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 14984608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16033272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19206304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16034032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20227312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 9733504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20246208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17074576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 17086272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20257248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18131616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19184688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21267840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20218368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 11831696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18156480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 19175216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 21266800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 6591160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 20246688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 22316416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTouzet - Memory used: 16055488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 35669640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21291104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21263280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 12875632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22334464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18130184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16036264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19188296 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19166048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17075888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23369632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22351040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13922608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18138224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22324136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22301216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20213664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20217184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16019360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15024720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 11866624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6607232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15012928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19214432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13930160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13936704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15013056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16034384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15025240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16041072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 32516728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18129128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 1356024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14985280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13936616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19186800 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21268720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16020640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16040544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19179496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16023840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18138224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17081256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 6593560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16033856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15003904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21304384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14999856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17119040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18135616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19193568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20221616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16022880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 15014016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17082432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18133264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16032944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18137080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 16053408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19186008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 36729440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19185952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 18117952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20218624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22311616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13924608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20257376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22306656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17070096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21275912 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21263920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21264000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21264400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22311216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 13923168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19186976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20213584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 23366032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20214864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20218944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19170528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19165008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20213584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 14977344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19210240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 21263280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 22313616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 17069136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 19183072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance3WithTranspose - Memory used: 20214384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 33590648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18138192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18128592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18127784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20221944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17072576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22317216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18128672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18136904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19180256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22321936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23372416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18131872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13929168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19229736 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20224552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16032640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22345088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19172528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22322056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19177872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16052928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18150400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17106720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17076920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20226696 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22324176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 34622592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21277040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23396680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22321920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20220384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16034720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22343840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21273520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20225744 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 22324096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21269760 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21274560 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21308384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13936272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20248320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 10783040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3857312 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18129040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17076920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21310304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20211024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17084160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 11844360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16056416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16032832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17124264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 32595040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: -3861632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 15000160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18147040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 17078064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14986368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16054208 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18148576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14979064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18149536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19176360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 16037024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19200992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19181376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21277424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14990000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21298592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 14981984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21295264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21270000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 19171488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21281520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21268880 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23378096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 21299000 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 23373536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 13956592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 25490432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 20225984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4NoTranspose - Memory used: 18125072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37767872 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18118352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18143264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20223904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18118272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18144608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20223992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17067936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19193952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19180112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21272128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22314096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21264480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20235008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22332960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21261920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17070416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20227336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18137616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19175240 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18127544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19183664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20224960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21266720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21284384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19167568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20220224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17072416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 21277056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20215104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 33578600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18176224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19180232 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17089592 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12893792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20236784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14973424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19186184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16052832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20268952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9727664 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16041072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 37020224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19184352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14988768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18132032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19179464 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18138960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18144608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15004160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19201184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19183392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 22345784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19171488 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18124024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20226192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20216144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19184672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15006080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 20235200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 31499808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19194192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13927520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13942776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16052768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19184336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13966080 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13957344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16054016 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17102784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18130184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11853632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13942600 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 17102784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13952320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 19181224 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12881144 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 11859904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16074440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 14991176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10797048 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 13942776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 10797136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12908480 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16039928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 12894200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 18164704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 16038728 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 15019072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithHamming - Memory used: 9749352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 31474456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19184128 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22342176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20211536 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20219264 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17080256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17081376 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14990616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23400960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20239832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19167568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4493064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19220520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21263952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17066576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19184920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21270720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18122112 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21284456 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17079216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17087768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17084776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18159904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18130624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20228656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20225984 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17074576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18136520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21271544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27277504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20225432 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17116288 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16051584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20233968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21267920 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18123072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18134192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21277496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10778960 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19208608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18127712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17080552 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21272568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11836336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 30711968 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19181344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18127808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14980352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 17088504 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16039192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19181992 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 19197408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 18123320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22326072 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14984704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 20236256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 14982064 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 23382160 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 21316352 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 26238320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4498704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16039632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12911936 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11854528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13943656 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13931896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13943888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11846768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13936616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 22310768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16025040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 15021088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11846712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11866336 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 16058816 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 11867584 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 4538792 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 1372864 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 34899392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 33856624 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8685008 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8701248 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8720896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 12895344 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10805856 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 13936440 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 10790976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 27553888 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTouzet - Memory used: 8700040 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 35689216 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19182416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16042944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16066976 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19183720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19181952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19186368 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20228032 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17079904 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22348832 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20227136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14986672 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23381632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18167104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17094496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22329408 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17083024 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21300928 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18130640 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16034688 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10816704 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16053632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18152192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19178496 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21273392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14982256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18157120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18143840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19192416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10799776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 34619096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20239616 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17064304 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13937824 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13954192 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20233176 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 23372384 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16068096 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21295720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17070944 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18147104 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22335392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12889360 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16079952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: -725520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18132152 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18154528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17084416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22343168 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17084784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19176328 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 13925136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19200768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18134720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18131840 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16037088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18166528 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18132416 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20241280 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19172576 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 32536768 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21313184 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20228512 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20229648 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14982256 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19207424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17095392 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18123200 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18132400 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14973544 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 14988272 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21296776 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21273808 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 12886784 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19183632 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18143424 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 20240608 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18131120 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21277568 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 37042520 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17109088 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17105952 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 16045056 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 10811712 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 21308320 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 19181136 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 18152720 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 15008896 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 17101680 bytes
benchBuildDfaDistance4WithTranspose - Memory used: 22348928 bytes
